life is an illusion , at least on a quantum level , in a theory which has recently been confirmed by a set of researchers . they finally have the means to test john wheeler s delayed - choice theory and concluded that the physicist was right . in 1978 , mr wheeler s proposed experiment involved a moving object that was given the choice to act like a wave or a particle the former acting as a vibration with a frequency that can distinguish it from other waves and the latter having no frequency that you can determine its position in space , unlike a wave and at what point does it decide to act like one or the other . at the time , the technology was not available to conduct a strong experiment , but scientists have now been able to carry it out .
unfortunately , he hasn t yet attacked her for islamic terrorism - connections , but we know he will . below are several links that explain in detail why having huma abedin anywhere near the white house would be like inviting in the terrorism - linked muslim brotherhood , which has been banned in egypt and the uae . bNi readers , please forward the damning [ ]
the los angeles police department has been denied 3 million in federal aid for law enforcement . while there is no official announcement as to why , it is more than likely that it has everything to do with la s sanctuary city status for harboring illegal aliens . donald trump and attorney general jeff sessions have repeatedly said [ ]
the white house has decided to quietly withdraw from all its ties with the ramallah - based palestinian authority and mahmoud abbas . debka ( h / t marvin w ) deBKafile s exclusive sources report that the trump administration has resolved to scrap all ties with the palestinian leadership in retaliation for its campaign against us president donald trump and his jerusalem policy . several warnings to mahmoud abbas ( aka abu mazen ) of what was in store if he did not desist from castigating the us president fell on death ears . last week , two arab crown princes , saudi muhammed bin salman and Uae sheikh muhammed bin zayed , summoned abbas to their capitals and urged him strongly to back away from his attacks on president trump . he got the same advice from the ruler of qatar , sheikh tamim al thani , who conferred with washington on the subject all to no avail . the trump administration has therefore set out an eight - point program of sanctions , first revealed here : the israeli - palestinian peace plan under preparation in washington will not be submitted to ramallah only to israel and the relevant arab governments . us - palestinian interaction is to be suspended not just at the senior levels but in day - to - day interchanges . the administration has notified palestinian and other arab parties to stop addressing queries on political and economic matters to the us consulate in jerusalem , because they will not receive answers . the status of the plo office in washington will be reevaluated with a view to shutting it down . palestinian officials will no longer be invited to washington by the us government , including the state department and department of treasury . above all , they will not be welcome at the white house or the national security council where us middle east policy is designed . senior us officials congratulated the senior palestinian negotiator saab erekat , who also holds the pa s american portfolio , on his recovery from illness , at the same time warning him that he would no longer be received at the white house . the trump administration will not make any public announcement of the cutoff of financial aid to the palestinians . since the funds are mostly earmarked for specific economic projects , each allocation will simply be held back on the pretext of the need for a reappraisal . the us will halt its contributions to the Un work and relief organization , an estimated one billion dollars per annum . the us administration moreover intervened with the governments of saudi arabia , abu dhabi and qatar with a request that they freeze or slow their economic aid to the palestinian authority . according deBKafile s sources , palestinian officials in ramallah were devastated by news of the sudden cutoff of the main sources of the pa s revenue . even the qatar ruler , whom abbas visited last week as a last resort to save the pa from economic meltdown , refused to release any more funding .
the time has come to cut off the tongues of those who support peace and those who mourn it . ( can t disagree there , arab muslims occupying israel will never live in peace with the native population the jews ) .
the central american nation and six other states voted with the us and israel , in contrast to the rest of the un general assembly which last week voted 128 - 9 to condemn the us decision to recognize jerusalem . hotovely did not name any of the 10 countries , but said many had a strong christian tradition . philippines , the czech republic and romania abstained from the unga vote last week , but have entertained the possibility of joining guatemala and the united states , with czech president milos zeman supporting the move to jerusalem . i spoke yesterday with my friend the guatemalan president , and thanked him for his support of us through his vote in the un , he said in the knesset . i expressed my hope that he will follow president trump s footsteps and recognize jerusalem as israel s capital , and will begin the process of moving the embassy there . that night he released an announcement that he would in fact do so . so i want to say , from here , to the president of guatemala : may god bless you , my friend , and may god bless our countries .
un - backed police massacred haitians with impunity when the police finally left the campus , around 11 a . m . , nine civilians lay dead in the courtyard five of whom had been shot in the head . at 5 o ' clock on the morning of november 13 , more than 200 haitian police officers raided the grand ravine area of port - au - prince . there was a series of loud explosions , followed by gunfire . for the next six hours , the commotion didn t stop . the neighborhood was under siege . what had started as an anti - gang operation in a poor and largely forgotten neighborhood in a poor and largely forgotten country ended in the summary execution of innocent civilians on a school campus . the police officers were working with the united nations mission for justice support in haiti . it was launched in october , a reboot of a previous mission that had begun in 2004 , when thousands of u . n . troops were sent to haiti following a coup d etat , tasked in part with restoring stability and reinforcing national police capacities . and though the u . n . mission issued a statement days after the raid calling for a prompt investigation by haitian authorities , it did not publicly acknowledge its own role in the operation . but in late december , a u . n . spokesperson confirmed to the intercept for the first time that the mission had helped plan the raid , though it distanced itself from the civilian deaths . the reported civilian death [ s ] were not part of the planned operation but of a unilateral action conducted by some [ haitian police ] officers after the conclusion of the operation , the spokesperson , sophie boutaud de la combe , wrote in an email . the raid of the school , according to the u . n . statement , was done without authorization , without alerting the police hierarchy , and outside of the operational plan . the u . n . mission did not publicly acknowledge its own role in the operation . boutaud de la combe said that , a day after the raid , the u . n . conducted an internal enquiry with all the unit commanders who participated in the operation . the u . n . inquiry , not previously reported , absolved the u . n . finding that u . n . police did not fire their weapons and only secured the perimeter of the school , she said . none of the [ u . n . police ] unit proceeded to the location at maranatha college where the alleged killings took place , the spokesperson wrote . the planned portion of the operation went relatively well . the post - operation unilateral initiative of some hnp members to conduct a high risk search , proceeding outside of the operational cadre , without advising the hierarchy , without authorization and contravening the operation plan was not part of the planned operation . when i arrived at the maranatha evangelical college campus , traveling with a broadcast team from al jazeera four days after the raid , it was immediately obvious something heinous had transpired . the blood that stained the concrete was still wet , unable to dry in the blanket of fog and mist that kept the capital unusually cool that particular week . water pooled in the courtyard s clogged drain had turned a dark red , partially obscuring an empty tear gas canister . the smell of the violence still hung in the heavy air . classrooms and offices had been ransacked , the contents of closets , drawers , and bookcases spilled across the floors and through the doorways . light crept in through holes left by bullets that had pierced through the thick concrete . sometime since the raid , someone had swept another five empty tear gas canisters and close to 100 heavy artillery shells into a pile . water pooled in the courtyard s clogged drain had turned a dark red . the morning we arrived , faculty and students were meeting to mourn those who had been killed . the school was still closed . they gathered in one of the small classrooms , closed the door to us outsiders , and began to sing . the religious hymns deep , soulful melodies echoed throughout the courtyard where they mixed with cries of grieving victims and family members anxious to tell their stories . i must kill myself , monique larosse , whose nephew was shot in this courtyard days earlier , told us . why did they kill him when they know he was not one of the bad men he was someone who went to church , studied , and had principles . the stories larose , along with other survivors and family members , told me make clear something went horribly wrong on that mid - november day . while there s a lot still unclear , one thing is for certain the official narrative is at odds with what the people of grand ravine say they witnessed and experienced . and they are a far ways off from finding justice . located near the southern entrance to haiti s sprawling capital , grand ravine is built on a hillside with picturesque views of the caribbean sea . and yet , it s a downtrodden neighborhood . haphazard construction with paltry regulation has left neighborhoods , including grand ravine , with little to no infrastructure or government services . many areas are only accessible by foot . narrow , misshapen alleys ascend through the concrete homes secured with rusted sheet metal . amid all this is the maranatha evangelical college , which has operated here since the 1940 s . despite the name , it offers classes for neighborhood kids beginning in preschool . the campus is a mashup of school buildings , houses and a healthy number of full - size trees , a dissonant image in a city overwhelmed by concrete . a low wall marks it off from the surrounding area . the only entrance to the elevated campus is a sloping , winding road that sits behind a large metal gate . the campus is a refuge , an oasis of calm in a section of haiti rife with gang activity . grand ravine is a red zone , the label international forces give to the country s most violence - prone areas . in december 2016 , grand ravine s most powerful gang leader , junior decimus , was arrested at the airport when he attempted to travel abroad . soon after , according to a report by local rights organization justice and peace , an armed conflict began as others sought to consolidate control of the neighborhood . bursts of automatic weapons sang during the day , while police officers from the nearby station watched helplessly , according to a hard copy of the organization s report . in october , the month before the police raid , groups of armed youth set up roadblocks , robbing cars in plain sight as they passed . the official narrative is at odds with what the people of grand ravine say they witnessed and experienced . the same month , thousands of u . n . soldiers stationed in the country since the 2004 coup d etat withdrew . brought to haiti to restore stability , the foreign troops have been involved in multiple deadly raids into neighborhoods similar to grand ravine . the international community has spent hundreds of millions training the haitian police for the u . n . s eventual departure . the u . n . stabilization mission in haiti ended its mandate in october , but the u . n . is by no means gone . in place of troops , the u . n . created a smaller successor mission composed of a few thousand police officers . in early november , together with the local police force responsible for the capital , that new u . n . mission helped plan the anti - gang raid into grand ravine . the november 13 raid was one of the first major acts involving the new mission , and the response will define the future of the u . n . s relationship with the people of grand ravine and the success of the newly empowered local police force . at 6 : 30 on that mid - november morning , armand louis received a phone call from maranatha college , the school he has directed for the last 30 years . something was wrong . the police raid had spilled onto the school s campus . when he arrived nearly two hours later , tear gas was already being employed by police , according to an investigation by the national network of human rights defenders , a local human rights organization known by its french acronym , rnddh , and confirmed in an interview with louis . the following account is based on intercept interviews with multiple witnesses , whose recollections mirror those included in rnddh s subsequent report on the massacre . police opened and searched classrooms , ransacking them in an apparent attempt to locate gang members hiding on campus . they didn t find any . there was a brief period of calm . people still on campus gave water to police . the burning in their eyes from the tear gas subsided . an hour later , louis said , the school s guard , julio fongene , approached him and said that a number of gang members had threatened him and were hiding in a storage facility on campus . louis informed the police . the campus is a refuge , an oasis of calm in a section of haiti rife with gang activity . when officers attempted to dislodge the hiding gang members , two police officers were shot . the gang members fled . it does not appear that any were apprehended , as the police have not made public any arrests of those responsible for shooting the officers . u . n . units composed of police from jordan and senegal responded to reports of shots fired and arrived at the school . according to the u . n . , they administered first aid to the injured police officers and secured the perimeter . but on campus grounds , haitian police proceeded to punish the bystanders caught up in the violence . first , they shot and killed fongene , the guard , witnesses said . police then accused louis of setting them up . they dragged him into the central courtyard , where some faculty members and people who live on campus were present . the officers beat him with a chair , causing significant injuries to his head and torso . the protestant evangelical baptist mission of haiti , affiliated with the school , included an account of the beating in its statement describing the events , and it was confirmed in an interview with louis and in the rnddh report . faculty tried to intervene . david jean baptiste , a professor , was beaten and then shot five times , including a bullet to the head . the courtyard grounds where he died remained bloodstained for days after . vanel danger lives on the school s campus and is responsible for the cafeteria . he told the intercept that an officer put a gun to his head and threatened to pull out his teeth if he didn t cooperate . danger dropped to his knees and begged for his life . danger told the officer he had given him water just an hour earlier , rnddh reported . danger was spared . but many more weren t so lucky . louis , bloody and beaten , told the intercept he was handcuffed by an officer in a u . n . uniform and hauled off to jail . when the police finally left the campus , around 11 a . m . , nine civilians lay dead in the courtyard five of whom had been shot in the head . not a single firearm was recovered , suggesting that the killings were summary executions , rnddh reported . the bodies were not removed until the next afternoon . four days after the raid , the alleys that weave around the campus and through the neighborhood s hilly landscape were largely deserted . groups of young kids watched us from rooftops . darting eyes peering from behind small openings in concrete homes followed us throughout the neighborhood . very few of them wanted to speak . there are many more victims of this and other shootings , a local resident and student at the school explained . they are afraid , added the student , whose name the intercept is withholding out of concern for their safety . though the anti - gang raid ended with a schoolyard massacre , questions linger about what happened outside the campus , where the raid began . at first , the police acknowledged seven civilian deaths all of which occurred at the school . overall , the police made 32 arrests , but haven t acknowledged any deaths outside of the school . but in its investigation , rnddh concluded that one of the people found dead on campus had been pulled out of his house in the surrounding neighborhood that morning and brought to the school only after his death . the total death toll remains unknown . haitian police punished the bystanders caught up in the violence . doresne jean , director of the saint claire morgue in downtown port - au - prince , said that eight bodies had arrived from grand ravine on tuesday , the day after the raid more than the police originally acknowledged . but jean said there were surely more . maybe the police moved some bodies , jean said , because we had five or six people come here to ask if we had their relatives . they were not on the list of bodies already received . justice and peace , the local human rights organization that has been monitoring violence in neighborhoods such as grand ravine , was one of the first to investigate the massacre . rovelsond apollon , an observer there , said his organization had confirmed 12 dead , but that the real total would likely never be known . not that many people , even in haiti , are paying attention to what happens in grand ravine . a hundred or even 200 could die there and nobody would know , apollon said . i don ' t know how i am going to live without my son , gina napolean told us from the school s courtyard , the grief visible on her face just four days after the massacre . her only son , 22 - year - old kens napoleon , had been the family s breadwinner . he was killed by a shot to the head . she put the blame squarely on the government , who she accused of sending the police to kill our children . it s not just that politicians exert control over the police , apollon said they are involved with the gangs themselves . his organization has interviewed young people with heavy weaponry that is not easy to acquire , he explained , and they said the weapons had been provided by politicians . politicians and authorities are not innocent in what happened , because they , too , play their part in the violence , he said . the politicians , for their part , have not publicly addressed these accusations . but since the raid , nearly every government official or institution has avoided taking responsibility . asked about the raid , the police chief simply said it was planned by the local captain and the new u . n . mission . prime minister jack guy lafontant told the press that the specifics of field operations were outside his purview . both blamed poor planning for the bloodshed . the operation was compromised from the beginning . police officers told local human rights investigators that confidential information about the operation was circulating even before it took place . a former haitian military official later told me that he found out about the raid when he heard it being discussed on an open radio channel on november 12 , the day before it was launched . a gang leader later called in to a local radio show , alleging that a rival gang from a different neighborhood had participated with police in the raid itself . others have suggested the raid was an attempt to recover a cache of guns that authorities had distributed in the neighborhood weeks earlier . and so the rumor mill in haiti churns . the u . n . s statement that its officers were stationed only at the perimeter of the school contradicts the statements made by louis , who told me he was handcuffed by a u . n . agent on campus . the u . n . insists that it was uninvolved because its officers were not in the courtyard , but the entrance where they say they were stationed is set just below the scene of the massacre . the new u . n . mission is ostensibly focused on justice , but apollon noted that haiti has seen many international missions throughout its history . they all failed , he said , because they do not understand the haitian reality . in haiti , he said , impunity reigns . david jean baptiste , a professor , was beaten and then shot five times , including a bullet to the head . nearly two months after the massacre , no one has been publicly held responsible . the police inspector general has completed an investigation and passed it on to a judge , who could order the arrest or dismissal of officers involved . one police officer accused of involvement is already missing , according to the inspector general . families of nine victims , including those of the two police officers , received a one - time payment of about 1 , 500 for funeral expenses . but none of the intellectual authors of the botched raid appear to have been identified or questioned . instead , it was louis , the school s director , who was arrested for complicity in the death of the two police officers . after being publicly beaten with a chair at the school he had overseen for 30 years , louis was held in a port - au - prince jail for more than a week . under pressure from religious organizations and the school s faculty , louis was eventually released for health reasons . but he still has not returned to the school . in a country like mine , louis wrote to me weeks later , it is hard to take our leaders at their word . that , he continued , was why we need to know what the real motive [ of the raid ] was . the public authorities have not yet interviewed him . do they really want everything to be investigated properly he said , or was this all planned apollon said continued raids would do little to address the fundamental problems afflicting neighborhoods such as grand ravine . rather , violence stems from the total absence of the state in such areas , and it will continue so long as the population s needs are not met . what residents need , he said , is education . after the raid , the school was closed for two weeks . we need school , a student at maranatha told me that day in the courtyard . without education , what hope do we have this article previously appeared in the intercept .
it should have come as no surprise that the same rebels the us supported in its 2011 war against libya are now selling blacks into slavery at auction , said robin philpot , who pub
when the police finally left the campus , around 11 a . m . , nine civilians lay dead in the courtyard five of whom had been shot in the head .
zambia must clarify whether it will host israel - africa summit israel since 1948 has collaborated with the same white supremacist forces which conquered , exploited and oppressed african people and their descendants throughout the world . several news articles were published in early december indicating that zambian president edgar lungu has agreed to host a summit meeting between african union ( au ) member - states and the state of israel . ( see jerusalem post , dec . 3 , 2017 ) these reports first surfaced during the inauguration ceremony for kenyan president uhuru kenyatta in nairobi . president lungu attended the second induction into office of kenyatta who is the leader of east africa s largest economy . lungu met with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu on the sidelines of the kenyatta inauguration events . the zambian leader was photographed shaking hands with netanyahu during the meeting . a similar summit was scheduled earlier in 2017 in the west african state of togo . however , mass demonstrations by togolese opposition parties and coalitions demanding the resignation of the government of president faure gnassingbe for undemocratic practices , forced lome to postpone the announced summit . the zambian leader was photographed shaking hands with netanyahu during the meeting . zambia s largest newspaper the times reported on december 5 that : president edgar lungu , who met israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu last week at the re - inauguration ceremonies for kenyan president uhuru kenyatta in nairobi , told znbc that for whatever reason , we have been given the mandate to host this summit which will bring its own benefits to zambia . president lungu said prime minister netanyahu had asked zambia to host an africa - israel summit that was originally scheduled for togo in september . despite this claim of mystification by president lungu , it is quite obvious that there were definite reasons why zambia was targeted to host the meeting . the southern african state is one of the few countries within the au which has a military attache stationed in israel where it opened an embassy in 2015 . israel does not have an embassy in zambia . lungu paid a state visit to israel in february 2017 . the president was accompanied by a large delegation of ministers from his administration . after his return to zambia , lungu was quoted in the times as saying : israel is a pacesetter in survival instinct because it has a desert ; but they have a thriving education , agriculture and information and communication technology sectors and we can explore and learn from them . a lot of benefits are expected out of this trip . zambia is one of the few countries within the au which has a military attache stationed in israel where it opened an embassy in 2015 . unfortunately , no statement was recorded in the same publication which cites the plight of the palestinian people who share a similar history with africans as it relates to colonialism and imperialism . israel under successive leaders since 1948 has collaborated with the same white supremacist forces which conquered , exploited and oppressed african people and their descendants throughout the world . the times then quoted israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu while he was in kenya for the inauguration of kenyatta as emphasizing in regard to zambia that tel aviv s aim was to : deepen its cooperation with the country , which i think is important for both our countries and both our peoples . i know that you re opening a jewish history museum in zambia and soon a synagogue in the capital city . i hope one day i have the opportunity to visit those institutions and to visit zambia . africa and israel : a comparative history although jewish people were subjected to national discrimination in europe and the united states during the 19 th and 20 th centuries , today since the recognition of the state of israel by the united nations in may 1948 most people do not consider them to be an oppressed people . however , it is important to make a distinction between judaism as a religion and zionism as an ideology and political movement . in fact when the founders of the world zionist movement began in the later years of the 19 th century , its leaders specifically sought to align themselves with the rising tide of colonialism throughout asia and africa . during the early phase of the zionist movement palestine was not the only location examined for the establishment of a jewish state . ( see weizmann and smuts : a study in zionist - south african cooperation . institute for palestine studies monograph no . 43 , 1975 ) other areas considered by the zionists included territories in africa such as modern - day madagascar , uganda and libya . by 1917 , british foreign secretary lord balfour issued his famous declaration which mandated the creation of a state for the jewish and arab peoples in the - then colony of palestine . most historical literature on this territory prior to 1948 referred to the area as palestine . ( < URL > [ 2 ] ) nevertheless , when the state of israel was recognized by the un it was done so as exclusively a jewish state where millions of palestinians had been forcibly removed and disenfranchised . in 1948 , the un was dominated by the european colonial powers and the u . s . the soviet union , whose military had made the greatest contribution to breaking the expansionist program of the third reich under adolph hitler , also voted in the un to recognize the jewish state in palestine . palestine was not the only location examined for the establishment of a jewish state . the overwhelming number of colonies in africa did not gain their independence from european imperialism until after world war ii with the upsurge of national liberation movements in sudan , the gold coast ( ghana ) , algeria , tunisia , kenya , angola , southern rhodesia ( zimbabwe ) , northern rhodesia ( zambia ) , southwest africa ( namibia ) , etc . after the century - long existence of the atlantic slave trade which uprooted millions of africans from the continent to europe , north america , central america , the caribbean and south america , the advent of classic colonialism was imposed on the continent . during 1884 - 85 , the berlin west africa conference was held in germany . this gathering carved up africa among the imperialist powers . it would take over a century to bring about the independence of the continent with the republic of south africa overthrowing the racist apartheid system in 1994 . at present only the western sahara , the sahrawi arab democratic republic ( sadr ) , remains under the colonial control of the north african monarchy of morocco . africa and palestine solidarity after the 1956 suez canal war when britain , france and israel invaded egypt under president gamal abdel nasser in order to retake control of this strategic asset , the political sympathy of most african states has shifted solidly in the direction of the palestinian and other arab people . later , as a result of the egypt - jordan - syria wars with israel in 1967 and 1973 , a majority of independent african governments and national liberation movements broke relations with israel . the palestine liberation organization ( plo ) is viewed by progressive forces throughout africa as the de facto representatives of the people . after the signing of the oslo accords between israel and the plo in 1993 , which gave rise to the palestinian authority , there has been a period of thawing relations between tel aviv and some african states . however , african solidarity with palestine remains strong . the republic of south africa under the ruling african national congress ( anc ) continues to be a bulwark of sentiment in favor of the recognition of an independent palestinian state . this mood has existed in zimbabwe as well during the 37 - year presidency of robert mugabe , the former leader of the zimbabwe african national union patriotic front party ( zanu - pf ) . after the signing of the oslo accords there has been a period of thawing relations between tel aviv and some african states . when on december 6 u . s . president donald trump issued his executive order to move the american embassy from tel aviv to jerusalem mass demonstrations in solidarity with the palestinian people have been held throughout the world . the three leading alliance partners in south africa , the anc , south african communist party ( sacp ) and the congress of south african trade unions ( cosatu ) have all issued statements decrying the policy decisions of trump . the u . s . government is the staunchest supporter of the state of israel providing billions of dollars in assistance and military hardware on an annual basis . egypt , due to military and political considerations ranks as the second largest recipient of direct aid from washington . however , africa as a whole can in no way compare to the economic , military and diplomatic support which is received by israel irrespective of the fact that people of african descent in the u . s . are numbered in excess of 40 million inhabitants . consequently , the holding of an israel - africa summit in zambia would represent a tremendous setback in the progressive legacy of independent states on the continent . at this critical stage in international relations au member countries should be intensifying their cooperation with other fraternal governments and peoples on the continent and indeed throughout the world . abayomi azikiwe is the editor of pan africa news wire .
rev dr . childress is available to come to your church or event december december 2 , 2017 quasi mensa broadcast 7 : 30 am est " critical thinking " blog talk radio listen to the program 7 : 30 am est " critical thinking " blog talk radio december 12 , 2017 morning air show interview with rev . clenard childress 9 : 30 am est relevant radio listen to the program december 22 , 2017 info wars alex jones info wars with rob dew interview rev . childress 3 : 30 pm est january january 14 , 2017 the good fight 1 : 00 pm est ewtn global catholic radio network with barbara mcguigan january 14 , 2017 the good fight 3 : 00 pm est ewtn global catholic radio network with barbara mcguigan january 20 , 2017 12 : 00 pm issues for life banquet oakland city hall one frank h . ogawa , oakland , california . january 20 , 2017 the kristine franklin show 1 : 00 pm est immaculate radio january 21 , 2017 walk for life san francisco 12 : 30 pm civic center plaza january 22 , 2017 progressive missionary baptist church of berkeley 8 : 00 am 11 : 00 am rev earl stuckey pastor 3301 king street berkeley , ca 94703 - 2625 510 . 655 . 3660 february february 7 , 2017 conservative talk radio 2 : 00 pm est iowa 98 . 3 fm february 7 , 2017 catholic center , chancery of the archdiocese of new york 4 : 00 pm est 1011 first ave , new york , ny 10022 february 17 - 20 2017 youth visio quest retreat camp joy - el greencastle pa march march 24 , 2017 bring america back to life new york conference long island marriott 101 james doolittle ave uniondale new york click here to register may may 25 , 2017 trenton spring rally for life 9 : 30 am est state capital steps trenton nj 20 / 20 project in jersey june june 4 , 2017 african heritage parade 72 maple ave montclair , nj 07042 june 8 , 2017 edgewood baptist church 7 : 00 pm - 8 : 30 pm est 3408 c street se , washington , dc . rev . frankie july july 15 , 2017 essex county juvenile detention center 10 : 30 am est durray street , newark nj july 17 , 2017 cure / learn clergy conference call 2 : 00 pm est july 19 , 2017 20 / 20 project life luncheon 12 : 00 pm est 300 colonia blvd , colonia nj july 24 - 26 , 2017 naacp convention education to the masses baltimore convention center 1 w . pratt street , maryland august august 21 - 27 , 2017 youth crusade 7 : 00 pm est 72 maple ave 27 monroe place montclair , nj 07042 september september 24 , 2017 voice of victory outreach ministry 14627 jefferson davis hwy woodbridge , va october october 4 , 2017 the our of intercession with joseph parker 2 : 00 pm est urban family radio october 7 - 9 , 2017 say so march - " all black life matter " beginning at planned parenthood , newark nj , ending at the washington dc african american museum of history . agenda to be posted at beginning at planned parenthood , newark nj , ending at the washington dc african american museum of history . agenda to be posted at www . saysomarch . com october 10 , 2017 georgene rice show portland oregon kpdp salem radio interviews rev . childress and jackie hawkins october 10 - 11 , 2017 green valley state university genocide awareness project october 15 , 2017 precious children of portland rally 3 : 30 pm aquinas hall 1333 ne mlk jr . bld , portland october 16 - 17 , 2017 portland state university genocide awareness project october 18 - 19 , 2017 the university of oregon genocide awareness project november november 10 , 2017 american muslim 360 islamic radios with hakim abdullah 8 : 00 pm est november 9 - 12 , 2017 crusade for christ 7 : 30 pm ( 9 th 10 th ) 72 maple ave , montclair nj 07042 6 : 30 pm ( 11 th ) 72 maple ave , montclair nj 07042 1 : 30 pm ( 12 th ) 27 monroe place , montclair nj 07042 november 30 - december 2 , 2017 learn ignite conference rivers of living water church 1764 , bingham dr . fayetteville n . c . 2018 event calendar
speaking engagement request contact person name : * phone * type of event : is the event : expected number of people : suggested honorarium : is organization covering room / board / traveling expenses : email *
" i have set before you life and death , blessing and cursing therefore choose life , that both you and your descendants may live . " - - deuteronomy 30 : 19 ( nkjv ) on the crisp , sunny , fall columbus day in 1999 , organizers of the " say so " march approached the steps of the u . s . supreme court . the marchers , who were predominantly black pastors and lay persons , concluded their three - day protest at the site of two monumental cases : the school desegregation brown v . board of education ( 1954 ) and the pro - abortion roe v . wade " rights " in t he latter converged in the declaration of rev . johnny m . hunter , the march s sponsor and national director of life , education and resource network ( learn ) , the largest black pro - life organization . " civil rights doesn t mean anything without a right to life " declared hunter . he and the other marchers were protesting the disproportionately high number of abortions in the black community . the high number is no accident . many americans black and white are unaware of planned parenthood founder margaret sanger s negro project . sanger created this program in 1939 , after the organization changed its name from the american birth control league ( abcl ) to the birth control federation of america ( bcfa ) . the aim of the program was to restrict many believe exterminate the black population . under the pretense of " better health " and " family planning , " sanger cleverly implemented her plan . what s more shocking is sanger s beguilement of black america s cr me de la cr me those prominent , well educated and well - to - do into executing her scheme . some within the black elite saw birth control as a means to attain economic empowerment , elevate the race and garner the respect of whites . the negro project has had lasting repercussions in the black community : " we have become victims of genocide by our own hands , " cried hunter at the " say so " march . malthusian eugenics margaret sanger aligned herself with the eugenicists whose ideology prevailed in the early 20 th century . eugenicists strongly espoused racial supremacy and " purtiy " , " particularly of the " aryan " race . eugenicists hoped to purify the bloodlines and improve the race by encouraging the " fit " to reproduce and the " unfit " to restrict their reproduction . they sought to contain the " inferior " races through segregation , sterilization , birth control and abortion . sanger embraced malthusian eugenics . thomas robert malthus , a 19 th century cleric and professor of political economy , believed a population time bomb threatened the existence of the human race . he viewed social problems such as poverty , deprivation and hunger as evidence of this " population crisis . " according to writer george grant , malthus condemned charities and other forms of benevolence , because he believed they only exacerbated the problems . his answer was to restrict population growth of certain groups of people . his theories of population growth and economic stability became the basis for national and international social policy . grant quotes from malthus magnum opus , an essay on the principle of population , published in six editions from 1798 to 1826 : all children born , beyond what would be required to keep up the population to a desired level , must necessarily perish , unless room is made for them by the deaths of grown persons . we should facilitate , instead of foolishly and vainly endeavoring to impede , the operations of nature in producing this mortality . malthus disciples believed if western civilization were to survive , the physically unfit , the materially poor , the spiritually diseased , the racially inferior , and the mentally incompetent had to be suppressed and isolated or even , perhaps , eliminated . his disciples felt the subtler and more " scientific " approaches of education , contraception , sterilization and abortion were more " practical and acceptable ways " to ease the pressures of the alleged overpopulation . critics of malthusianism said the group " produced a new vocabulary of mumbo - jumbo . it was all hard - headed , scientific and relentless . " further , historical facts have proved the malthusian mathematical scheme regarding overpopulation to be inaccurate , though many still believe them . despite the falsehoods of malthus overpopulation claims , sanger nonetheless immersed herself in malthusian eugenics . grant wrote she argued for birth control using the " scientifically verified " threat of poverty , sickness , racial tension and overpopulation as its background . sanger s publication , the birth control review ( founded in 1917 ) regularly published pro - eugenic articles from eugenicists , such as ernst ruin . although sanger ceased editing the birth control review in 1929 , the abcl continued to use it as a platform for eugenic ideas . sanger built the work of the abcl , and , ultimately , planned parenthood , on the ideas and resources of the eugenics movement . grant reported that " virtually all of the organization s board members were eugenicists . " eugenicists financed the early projects , from the opening of birth control clinics to the publishing of " revolutionary " literature . eugenicists comprised the speakers at conferences , authors of literature and the providers of services " almost without the exception . " and planned parenthood s international work was originally housed in the offices of the eugenics society . the two organizations were intertwined for years . the abcl became a legal entity on april 22 , 1922 , in new york . before that , sanger illegally operated a birth control clinic in october 1916 , in the brownsville section of brooklyn , new york , which eventually closed . the clinic serviced the poor immigrants who heavily populated the area those deemed " unfit " to reproduce . sanger s early writings clearly reflected malthus influence . she writes : organized charity itself is the symptom of a malignant social disease . those vast , complex , interrelated organizations aiming to control and to diminish the spread of misery and destitution and all the menacing evils that spring out of this sinisterly fertile soil , are the surest sign that our civilization has bred , is breeding and perpetuating constantly increasing numbers of defectives , delinquents and dependents .
why we oppose planned parent hood ( the following is a reprint of the stopp ' s essay " why we oppose planned parenthood " ) planned parenthood is not a benevolent organization trying to strengthen women ' s rights . it is a cold , calculating group intent on spreading the humanist religion , luring our children into their web of premarital sex and unlimited abortions , reducing the population of minorities in particula and filling its coffers with the profits from sales of birth control devices . pp comes between parents children planned parenthood pushes what it calls confidential services for minors , meaning that pp will provide all types of reproductive services to young girls , including potentially dangerous prescription medication and invasive surgery , without their parents knowledge . in its 1993 - 1994 annual report , pp bragged of its unswerving commitment to confidentiality . in most states , pp assigns teens a code name so that pp can call the girls at home and pretend to be a girlfriend . ( recently , the code names in springfield , il ; chicago , il ; and kingston , ny ; were heather , nancy and lucy , respectively . ) as long ago as 1979 , the sunday independent newspaper in wilkes - barre , pa , reported that planned parenthood was transporting high school girls out of town , during school hours , to get abortions without the parents being notified . planned parenthood will give minor girls norplant , depo - provera shots , and even abortions without their parents knowledge . pp does not oppose teenage seX planned parenthood does not view teenage sex as wrong . pp is upset only if sex results in unwanted births . planned parenthood s sex education programs are not about telling children how to avoid sex . they are , rather , designed to indoctrinate our children into what pp calls responsible sexuality . by this pp means it is okay for kids to have sex as long as they avoid pregnancy ; or if they do get pregnant , have an abortion . former pp president faye wattleton confirmed this in the los angeles times , on october 17 , 1986 : [ planned parenthood is ] not going to be an organization promoting celibacy or chastity . the current pp president , pamela maraldo , in an article in the march / april 1993 issue of family planning world , condemned abstinence - only sex ed programs as unacceptable . she endorsed , instead , the position of former united states surgeon general joycelyn elders , who said , we ve taught our children in driver s education what to do in the front seat , and now we ve got to teach them what to do in the back seat . pp spreads religion of humanism planned parenthood is dedicated to spreading the religious doctrine of humanism as defined in the humanist manifestos ( i ii ) . pp has consistently refused to give our children a clear message of right and wrong . it seeks not to educate our children in moral values , but to indoctrinate them into the humanist philosophy that proclaims there is no objective moral code , and that right and wrong can be decided solely by the individual . in the los angeles times article quoted above , faye wattleton said , [ planned parenthood s ] concern is not to convey shoulds or should nots . fearing that moral people on school boards may lead to schools teaching our young children right from wrong , pamela maraldo said , in the article referred to above , . . . we must bring an immediate halt to the aggressive infiltration of local school boards by the religious right . any school program endorsed by planned parenthood will give children complete information on how to have sex . the children will be given no moral guidance in a pp program and will be told they can do it or not do it depending on how they feel . while this concept of no absolute rights or wrongs may be embraced by some people in the world , it is rejected by most . most people subscribe to religious principles that recognize a supreme authority over life and a set of divinely inspired principles on which our behavior must be conditioned . parents who support stopp are among this latter group and , therefore , oppose all pp programs for teens . pp poses a danger to women planned parenthood runs a business providing birth control devices to its customers . although pp is officially a non - profit organization , irs regulations allow it to make profits on parts of its operation . pp does make a profit on its sale of birth control devices and seems to operate more to protect that income than its clients . a primary example of this is their provision of birth control pills . the pill has long been a major income producer for pp . at the third annual aids conference in washington in june 1987 , dr . frank plummer of the kenya medical institute reported that oral contraceptive users appear to be less resistant to aids than non - users . still pp refused to get teenage girls and others off the pill . then , family planning perspectives ( vol . 25 , no . 6 , p . 243 ) reported : women who are seropositive for the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) and use the pill are more likely than nonusers to have hiv present in their cervical secretions , and may be more likely to infect their sexual partners . the agi story goes on to say : the presence of hiv in cervical secretions was nearly 12 times as likely among pill users as among non - users . still , pp refused to tell its customers to get off the pill to reduce the risk of aids . if pp were really concerned about women , it would stop selling the pill . however , this would mean about an 85 , 000 , 000 decrease in pp income . this same disregard for women can also be seen in planned parenthood s handling of the norplant problem . in 1993 and 1994 , numerous lawsuits were filed by norplant users over the side effects of the implants and the difficulty of removal . yet pp not only continues to make this device available , it still implants it in minors without parental knowledge . continue to page 2
the website from which you got to this page is protected by cloudflare . email addresses on that page have been hidden in order to keep them from being accessed by malicious bots . you must enable javascript in your browser in order to decode the e - mail address . if you have a website and are interested in protecting it in a similar way , you can sign up for cloudflare .
for as long as he can remember , malcolm turnbull has wanted to be an inconsequential , powerless leader at the beck and call of a small . . .
for as long as he can remember , malcolm turnbull has wanted to be an inconsequential , powerless leader at the beck and call of a small . . .
most people s pets are a member of the family and , as is the case with dogs and cats , they love their owners unconditionally . other types of pets may not be quite so affectionate or even terribly aware of their owners , which makes what this lizard did so shocking . who knew that lizards could actually communicate with humans texas resident aaron roman shared the amazing video of his reptile s reaction to aaron s wave , which he caught on video . it appears that the lizard , named evan , is waving back aaron gave a brief wave towards evan to make sure he was doing okay since the bearded dragon wasn t moving much . imagine his surprise when the lizard gave a wave of okay right back at him . aaron explained : i had gotten evan for my birthday . one day i walked into my room and saw that he wasn t moving much . i tried seeing if he d moved by waving at him , but little did i know that he d wave back at me . i tried keeping it cool for the video . interestingly , though it appears that evan is giving his owner a friendly greeting , it s actually a show of submission that lizards will display when a larger lizard is nearby . comments flooded in on facebook posts about the waving lizard video , with one person pointing out some tough love : yeah . pretty sure they wave to ward off a threat so jokes on you , your lizard doesn t love you , it hates you . another commenter gave a lengthy explanation about the lizard s wave , writing : people forget that animals have like a million meanings for different behavior . the reasons that a bearded dragon will wave their arm is not entirely explained . however , it does seem to be a form of communication . a common belief is that arm waving is a passive message , to indicate submission when a larger or more dominant beardie is nearby . so , he is acknowledging your dominance , which is healthy ; you re the one who knows where the food is . in this case , you don t really need to reply ; he s essentially being polite . the commenter continued to list reasons for the lizard waving , explaining : one meaning is species recognition . if a bearded dragon waves at another bearded dragon , it tells the other dragon that he / she is aware of their presence . young bearded dragons may do a slow wave with one of their arms to signal , i m just a baby don t hurt me your young beardie may even do this when he sees you walking up to him if he is intimidated by you we have to remember that even reptiles are not robots ; they have moods and personality quirks too that change over time . they added this viewpoint about the waving video : all in all , it can t hurt to wave back . at best , he ll be comforted ( you re being submissive too ) , at worst he ll be confused . they wave back and forth to each other quite frequently , so he may well appreciate a reply , even if he isn t expecting one .
dogs are fantastic . they provide so much joy in our lives . if you are lucky enough to have a pup in your household than you know how great it can be to come home to a happy fur - friend greeting you at the door . while they are a great addition to the family , dogs can also be a lot of work . they come with a list of daily responsibilities that are added to our already long - growing list of tasks . we have to feed them , walk them , take them to regular vet visits , and train them . for some dogs , training can be a bit more challenging , as certain breeds are more set in their ways than others . and then there are other dogs , who just have love certain holidays . the two dogs that you will see in the video below , happen to love christmas . in fact , they love the holiday so much that they put up a big fuss when their owner tries to finally get rid of the christmas tree . when this particular family was getting ready to have guests over they decided that it was time to toss their tree out , but it proved to be a much more challenging task than they had expected . it sounds simple take the tree out in the backyard and toss it over the fence and into the wooded area . well , if you have two christmas - tree loving dogs , this tasks is a lot harder than expected . the dogs want nothing to do with getting rid of the tree and they are doing their best to keep in their yard . as the owner is holding one end and attempting to throw it over the fence , the two dogs team up and grip the other end with their teeth , in a fierce game of tug of war . just when the owner appears to have a steadier grip on the tree , the dogs twist and turn and the owner gets sent over the tree , rolling onto his back on the ground . he gets up quickly , grabs the middle part of the tree and gets down in a squat position while using his whole body to pull the tree up and over the fence , but the dogs are determined to keep the tree in their grips . the owner falls down a second time , and just when he looks like he is going to give up , he lifts the tree one last time and manages to toss it over the fence , releasing the trunk from the dogs grip once and for all . the pups make it clear that they aren t fans of the tree being on the other side of the tree and they immediately stand up on their hind legs , lean against the tree and bark in refusal . these are two very determined dogs . owners shared their love of the video hilarious what great dogs they must have loved this tree in the house maybe the dogs loved being so close to nature in the comfort of their home and that s why they didn t want to see the tree go , or maybe they simply love a good game of tug of war .
the lion may be known as the king of the jungle , but lions do not live in jungles . they re the rulers of the african savannahs that are covered in brown grasses and speckled with sparse trees . lions coloring helps them blend in perfectly with the tall grass so they can ambush their prey as best as possible . and lions are ferocious . although they re one of the most powerful predators on land , lions are in danger . hunters and poachers target lions to prove to the world their machismo . and while hunters seek to wipe lions off the face of the earth to bolster their egos , the kevin richardson wildlife sanctuary hopes to stop them and protect the big african cat at all cost . richardson has earned the nickname the lion whisperer for a reason . he aims to educate the world about lions . and for those lucky enough to volunteer alongside richardson , he encourages them to learn more about lions and help protect the wild species . to raise awareness , kevin has now set up his youtube channel lionwhisperertv . the channel is all about raising awareness about not only the declining numbers of lions but also how this rapid decrease is happening . by watching these videos , you are directly contributing to our scheme of land acquisition , he writes in his bio . as part of the volunteer program , richardson hosts a volunteer enrichment and lion enrichment walk . as the name suggests , richardson takes his group of volunteers out into the savannah of south africa to hang out with two lions . there , the volunteers meet a male lion , bobcat , and a female lioness , gabby . both lions look ferocious , but are truly affectionate , at least that s what richardson says . and remember , he s the lion whisperer , so he s got an advantage with these deadly big cats . as richardson showers the pair of lions with love , the volunteers stay locked in the truck , unwilling to put their lives in danger . and while they are in the vehicle , the lions are just feet from them and if something goes wrong , they could wind up injured anyway . richardson shared the video on his the lion whisperer youtube channel . with more than one million hits , this video has proven to be one of his most famous . the video describes the moment caught on tape as follows : it s an enrichment walk for both the volunteers and the lions as kevin shows off his lovely lions as well as giving some amazing lion facts to the volunteers . viewers like you are overwhelmed with the magnificent footage . the following are a few comments shared on the video . i hope to someday volunteer there with kevin . i believe in the work and his perspective about conservation . this video makes me want to all the more bobcat and gabby are lovely lions . every time i watch a one of your videos i somehow end up smiling from ear to ear that was so beautiful , wish i could rub my head against a lion . take a moment to watch this video . would you ever want to volunteer with kevin richardson and his lions
stories of animal abuse are always tragic , but this one is absolutely devastating . in horrifying cell phone footage , posted to chinese social media platform , weibo , a man is seen beating his greyhound to death , screaming throughout the video . according to reports , the man slammed the dog to the ground and repeatedly beat it after he lost money after betting a fortune on the dog in a race and losing . he is even seen saying that he ll eat the dog , blood dripping from his hands , noting : listen up dog owners . if your dog is not in a good fit , eat it . at one point , he yells : you made me lose my money another person on the video explained that the man had spent a lot of money to buy the greyhound and bet a lot on the dog race and the animal lost . sadly , china doesn t have laws in place prohibiting animal torture , so even if the man was identified , he wouldn t face any consequences . not surprisingly , people who commented on the daily mirror s facebook post about the disturbing video were overwhelmingly angry and upset , with one person noting : i can t imagine many people will click on this , an absolute vile excuse for a man . i hope he has nothing but misery for the rest of his life . another commenter noted : absolutely heartbreaking . this has me in absolute tears this vile person needs to be shot it s people like him that give greyhound owners such a bad name and why so many people think all racing greys are treated so badly luckily most greyhounds have loving owners / trainers and find loving forever homes when their racing days are over both of my greys came from a greyhound adoption trust when they retired , perhaps they should start the same kinds of trusts in china to save these beautiful dogs . one commenter believed that the video was at least an important wake - up call to clue in those who are unaware with this type of cruelty exists , writing : thank you for bringing the cruelty involved in greyhound racing into the mainstream public awareness . thousands of these gentle dogs lose their lives every year because of this industry and many more suffer a life of social deprivation , kenneled for up to 23 hours a day . they also included some helpful information to find out more , noting : to find out the harsh consequences of betting on or attending dog racing for the hounds look at cagEd nationwide or birmingham greyhound protection pages or google it for yourself . another person couldn t even read the story , commenting : personally couldn t click to read the details as the simple thought of it was so sickening . the law is simply not severe enough for cruelty to animals and more severe sentencing must be introduced . a life is a life whether human or animal and more protection for animals is called for . another commenter added :
sarah huckabee sanders is a well - paid liar . day after day , she takes to the white house press briefing room to defend whatever ridiculous thing trump has done most recently . she s achieved infamy through her brazen willingness to state literally any absurdity with a straight face . today , sanders faced tough questions regarding the trump / russia scandal and ongoing investigation . after tensely attempting to change the subject several times , she finally let reporters know how she really felt . when questioned about trump s tweet regarding the lost fbi text messages , she told reporters exasperatedly , you guys are obsessed with collusion well , yeah , sarah . trump s criminal behavior matters an awful lot , considering his occupancy of the oval office . i think he thinks there is great cause for concern that five months worth of text messages have gone missing , particularly given the individual as part of that process has already been shown to be extremely biased against the president , and was involved it what seems to be some very inappropriate behavior , and that certainly is of great concern . you guys are absolutely obsessed with everything to do with collusion , if it has anything to do with the president . we hope that you ll take some of that same obsession , energy , and furor and direct it to some of the places it looks like there could have been some really inappropriate and possibly illegal behavior . here s the video : trump s tweet was referring to an fbi agent who had an affair with a lawyer who worked for the fbi . texts between the two showed anti - trump bias , so he was immediately fired from the mueller investigation . it s notable that it s perfectly fine for citizens to hold personal beliefs there has been absolutely no evidence of bias on the job or wrongdoing . he was fired to prevent it from even being remotely possible . robert mueller himself is a lifelong republican . the texts that were lost , that trump feels are so important , are five months of sexts as part of an affair . obviously the press is obsessed with collusion . where there is smoke , there is fire , and although dozens of connections between trump s campaign and russia have been reported , the fire in question is going to be private financial information that only official investigations will be able to acquire . these things take time , as does building and prosecuting a case . manafort has still not even been tried , for example this is far from over . not only that , but trump gets dirtier by the day . there s a good chance the payment he reportedly gave stormy daniels could have been illegal . the fbi texts only matter to right - wing press that has no goal other than to vindicate trump . sanders and conservatives care absolutely nothing for objective truth or justice . they have no motive beyond enabling trump and his criminal behavior . featured image via chip somodevilla / getty images
brian neale is the center for medicare medicaid services ( cms ) deputy administrator , and the director for the center for medicaid and chip services . neale is an ally of vice president mike pence and was appointed to his role in the medicaid program in march . he was the healthcare policy director under pence back when pence was the governor of indiana ( their relationship goes back even further than that ) , and he helped design indiana s medicaid expansion . in his role as a medicaid official in the federal government , he was a key factor in bringing about the work requirements that states are now allowed to require . with that goal accomplished , he s now stepping down . it s not too clear why , and no reasons have been stated , but it s likely that he wanted a key accomplishment under his belt before leaving the raging dumpster fire that is the trump administration . a year and then i m out has been a common mantra among high level trump appointees with exceptions . some , like stephen miller , appear to be in it for the long haul . others have not made it anywhere near a year . in any case , the trump administration has bled staff at a historically high rate . according to an internal staff memo obtained by inside health policy , neale , a closely ally of vice president mike pence , spent a year helping to craft the trump administration s new policy direction on medicaid , and reasons for his departure remain unclear . next month , brian will be leaving cms to pursue other opportunities , cms administrator seema verma wrote in the email to cms staff tuesday . he joins with many other high level trump appointees who have left the administration . featured image via mike theiler - pool / getty images
egypt s presidential campaign has kicked into full gear , and naturally the top opposition candidate was just arrested . a retired top general named sami anan , seen as the last remaining real threat to egyptian president abdel fatah el - sisi , was dragged out of his car in the street by armed men at about 11 : 00 a . m . tuesday morning , mahmoud refaat , a spokesman for anan s campaign , told VIce news . anan s arrest comes just days after he announced plans to challenge el - sisi for the presidency in a vote scheduled for march . there is no legal basis to arrest him , refaat said , calling the move politically motivated . the cops didn t just throw anan in jail . they went after dozens of his campaign staff , too , and even members of their families , refaat said . yesterday 30 members of the campaign staff were arrested , refaat said , along with some of their family members . those taken into custody are being held in an unknown place , he said . anan himself was taken to the military prosecutor s office in cairo , reuters reported , citing his son and one of his lawyers .
senators from the australian greens will be stamped with their country of origin from next week , to help them remember where they come from .
have you ever stopped and wondered what it would be like if i had to live without my phone for a week nah , me neither . . . .
if you don t believe in fate , here s a story that s sure to change your mind . every morning , jake gerber goes to his local caf to grab a cup of coffee on his way to work . it s not the place where you typically find a once - in - a - lifetime love , but incredibly , the stars aligned for jake , and something amazing happened : he made up an entire personality for the woman who serves him coffee most days , and she s absolutely perfect for him . if you re not tearing up right now , you re essentially a robot . the connection between jake and the detailed personality he invented whole cloth for his barista was instantaneous . after making eye contact with the barista just once , he assumed she was the kind of girl who would want to walk home in bad weather just so she could dance in the rain , which is so refreshing because jake is looking for a woman to counterbalance his more anxious personality . and when jake noticed that she has more than one piercing per ear , he went ahead and decided that she is totally into the national , which just so happens to be his favorite band whoa jake s brain could have invented any personality for his barista , but to invent one that can totally appreciate the subtlety of the back half of trouble will find me what are the odds the universe must have conspired to bring jake to that coffee shop the first time , because how else can you explain that a barista who , according to jake s imagination , has a working map of westeros in her head just happened to be working there eerier still , one time a few weeks ago , jake said , it s just one of those days , while ordering his coffee , to which the barista replied , tell me about it , and jake interpreted that as a clear indication that she thought working for a corporate coffee shop was pretty lame but needed to pay the bills for art school , where she studies experimental painting but not the kind of experimental painting jake thinks is stupid . against all odds , he then managed to extrapolate from the way she smiles when she hands him his coffee that his barista enjoys a saturday in just watching movies , would impress his dad with her ping - pong skills when she comes to visit over thanksgiving , and totally sees the good in jake even though he s not great at parties and feels entitled to have his opinion constantly validated . seriously , how did jake manage to project a girl who checks all the boxes onto his everyday barista folks , love is real romantic comedies may not be realistic , but the electric connection jake feels with the personality he s given to the barista based off zero evidence is right out of hollywood . and it s truly lucky that jake has fallen for this completely fabricated idea of a woman who has been right under his nose this whole time , because in reality , the barista is nothing like he imagines and has never thought about him even once . wow . after hearing a beautiful story like this , who knows maybe there s hope for us after all
headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next quite frankly , i m surprised it has half left . this is a country that cannot even produce toilet paper and beer . and they re stealing zoo animals for food . here we have a progressive / marxist / socialist station ( cnn ) telling us about how bad things are in a pms nation half the venezuelan economy has disappeared it s getting worse . unemployment will reach 30 and prices on all types of goods in the country will rise 13 , 000 this year , according to new figures published thursday by the international monetary fund . the imf s economist for the western hemisphere , alejandro werner , put venezuela s future bluntly . in venezuela , the crisis continues , werner said in a blog post . he added that inflation is skyrocketing this year because of the loss of confidence in the nation s currency . this year will mark the third consecutive year of double - digit contractions in venezuela s gross domestic product , the broadest measure of economic activity . the nation s GDp declined 16 in 2016 , 14 last year and it s projected to fall 15 this year , according to the imf . venezuela is deep into an economic , political and humanitarian crisis , largely inflicted by the government s own policies , economists say . food and medical shortages are widespread . people are scavenging for food in dumpsters . citizens are fleeing by the thousands . the currency , the bolivar , is nearly worthless . the government has defaulted on its debt . world leaders are calling president nicolas maduro a dictator .
water cooler 1 / 25 / 18 open thread ; fake news cnn still won t correct fake story ; feminists demand feminist science ; grumpy cat goes to court of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next if you are upset about being called fake news , you might just try not printing it . cnn has arguably been the biggest source of questionable attack journalism directed at the current administration , and without argument the biggest crybaby when it comes to the administration pointing out their problems and poor reporting . contrary to what some people may say , the press and politicians attacking each other with words is not a constitutional crisis matter of fact it s one of the ways you know things are working properly in our little republic . the time to worry is when the politicians and the press just have nice things to say about each other . either way , it s the citizens that decide what s what , what s important and what s fake , and if cnn want s to make the case they are the victim they could try correcting and apologizing for false stories in a timely fashion , unlike this one . nearly seven months after falsely accusing president donald trump of getting the facts wrong on classified information that former federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) director james comey leaked after he was fired , cnn still hasn t corrected its false story on the matter . on the heels of numerous other false stories published or broadcast by the cable network , the latest failure of the network to correct false reporting raises serious questions about its commitment to accuracy . last july , trump blasted comey on twitter for leaking classified information . james comey leaked classified information to the media . that is so illegal cnn s jake tapper , however , took issue with trump s statement , and wrote the following lede and supporting paragraphs in a cnn story accusing the president of peddling false information about the nature of the information leaked by james comey after he was fired by the president : as it turns out , however , the information leaked by comey was classified , and the records in his possession were clearly government records which comey was not authorized to possess or distribute . how do we know the information was classified because the fbi itself told congress as much . in fact , the information leaked by comey was so sensitive that members of congress were not even allowed to read the memos he wrote outside of a special compartmented information facility , or scif , a highly secure room or area designed to prevent classified information consumed within from being improperly distributed . the federalist jake tapper not understanding our nations rather involved rules for classification of government documents is understandable . cnn complaining it gets unfairly labeled fake news when it won t fix the story well that s at best whiny and it does raise the question why are they willing to keep this out there feminist science , if that reads wrong to you pat yourself on the back well i hope they will be purging that horrible misogynist sodium soon . he has been getting free pass forever , same with his buddy hydrogen and maybe helium will get some of the credit she so rightly deserves . sorry hard to write seriously about people trying attach our petty squabbles to things that aren t even aware we exist . unfortunately that s just what is happening at uc santa cruz of course science is now under siege by sjws , because that s what they do . for example , see the event being held at uc santa cruz titled research justice 101 : tools for feminist science . yes , feminist science . the event description reads : participants will be challenged to apply principles and practices of justice to their own work , interrogating questions such as : who benefits who is harmed who is most vulnerable and ultimately , who do we do science for , and why the workshop will conclude with practical skills and resources for participants to push their research communities to be more inclusive , equitable and attentive to social justice . the event is being organized by an los angeles - based group titled sigh free radicals . according to the college fix : the mission of the free radicals is to enact political and social change by advocating scientists think through the hidden assumptions in their methodological approaches and challenges researchers to think more deeply about the political implications of their work , its website states . got that they want scientists to only undertake studies and only publish conclusions that will support a radical feminist worldview . pjmedia i can only hope the people promoting this will one day be treated by doctors who were fully indoctrinated in the precepts and with drugs that were made by people who were more worried about political correctness than efficacy . he s not just grumpy he has a lawyer . if you thought grumpy cat was just another cute feline , think again . a cat made famous online because of its permanent scowl has been awarded 710 , 000 ( 500 , 000 ) in a copyright case by a california federal court . grumpy cat limited sued the owners of us coffee company grenade for exceeding an agreement over the cat s image . the company only had rights to use the cat to sell its grumppuccino iced drink , but sold other grumpy products . the cat , real name tardar sauce , went viral in 2012 after photographs of her sour expression emerged online . originally posted on the social website reddit by the brother of the cat s owner , tabatha bundesen , the image of the cat quickly spread as a meme with funny text captions . in 2013 grenade beverage , owned by father and son nick and paul sandford , struck a 150 , 000 deal to market iced coffee beverages with the cat s scowl on its packaging . but in 2015 grumpy cat limited sued them for breaching that contract . a court filing claimed they had exceeded the deal by selling roasted coffee and grumppucino t - shirts , which grumpy cat said blatantly infringed their copyrights and trademarks . bbc apparently claws weren t enough and grumpy upgraded to lawyers . drink up that s it for the watercooler today . as always it s an open thread the post water cooler 1 / 25 / 18 open thread ; fake news cnn still won t correct fake story ; feminists demand feminist science ; grumpy cat goes to court appeared first on redstate . source : < URL >
veteran commentator calls out the growing ethnonationalism at fox news ( and it s so ugly ) of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next let s be honest : this is pretty much all of fox news commentary portion now , since the network became trump pravda . commentator and the weekly standard founder , bill kristol , sat for an interview with cnbc that was released on thursday . among various topics , he noted how tucker carlson , a fox news superstar , has changed since he began with the weekly standard . speaking of carlson s fox news show : i mean , it is close now to racism , white i mean , i don t know if it s racism exactly but ethnonationalism of some kind , let s call it . a combination of dumbing down , as you said earlier , and stirring people s emotions in a very unhealthy way , kristol told cnbc s john harwood in the interview published on thursday . carlson has been getting a bit of attention lately from some who are seeing exactly what kristol is talking about . no , carlson isn t dipping to the level of sean hannity , or other conspiracy - pushing Magadooks , but some of his work has a toe on the line . kristol went on to praise carlson s early work . tucker carlson was a great young reporter . he was one of the most gifted 24 - year - olds i ve seen in the 20 years that i edited the magazine . his copy was sort of perfect at age 24 , kristol said . he had always a little touch of pat buchananism , i would say , paleo - conservativism . compare that to what he s devolved to , while working in the toxic , propaganda atmosphere of fox news . carlson recently questioned the widespread outrage over trump s reported comments referring to african nations as sh * thole countries . so , if you say norway is a better place to live and haiti is kind of a hole , well anyone who s been to those countries or has lived in them would agree . but we re jumping up and down , oh , you can t say that . why can t you say that carlson asked . because trump s comments weren t that simple . he wrapped up the people in the comment when he asked why we couldn t get more immigrants from norway . he didn t ask which place was nicer to visit . when trump made the comment , he did so to appeal to a base that is packed full of alt - right , white nationalists , anti - semites , and neo - nazis ( not all , but far too many to just ignore ) . reports are that he called associates and said he thought the comments would appeal to his base . so yes , even though some have played the blind , deaf , and dumb case of , i don t recall , it s clear he said it . and it was wrong . kristol is right to point out what is happening over at fox news , as well as to call out those that are falling into the alt - right line of scumbaggery . this isn t something that we should allow any national news network to make mainstream . the post veteran commentator calls out the growing ethnonationalism at fox news ( and it s so ugly ) appeared first on redstate . source : < URL >
lost words , hidden words , otters , banks and books of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next let me tell you something , about otters and money , books and banks . wonderful news today as jane beaton s crowd funding initiative gets an extra couple of weeks to raise it s target . and because in the process of this learning curve penguin books came on board in a massive way that target has been massively reduced . half way there . hoping to push through to funding to see a copy of the lost words brought to every school in scotland . to celebrate i want to auction this absolutely unique proof of the silk otter scarf , produced by beckford silk for compton verney . ( it s printed on paper , not silk . there may still be scarves for sale at compton verney . you could wrap yourself in otters . ) a post shared by jackie morris ( jackiemorrisartist ) on jan 25 , 2018 at 6 : 45 am pst anyway , this is a big piece of work that repeats three times the double page spread of tumbling otters from the lost words . the image is 33 cms high , so you can imagine how long it is . colours are not true to the original , but it s a curious and unusual thing . if the price gets high enough i will doodle a pencil otter or two in , and of course , sign it . it would look wonderful framed , although it is big . to bid , please place a comment on this posting . i will close the auction on 5 th feb , not sure what time . sorry if the process is a bit ramshackled . i have to action the comments , so it takes time , and i ve so much t do at the moment . bids should be in sterling , but i am happy to post anywhere in this world and you can donate from overseas . you just have to do that before 8 th feb . if you win the auction i will ask you to donate the money directly to jane s amazing initiative to place a copy of the lost words in every primary school in scotland . here are some more images of the piece . now , the initiative is for schools in scotland , but there are some who would like to roll this out into the whole country . in scotland , by coincidence , there are otters on the ten pound note . two otters curling in play . i tried to find the name of the artist who drew the otters and found a whole back story about what is the most beautiful bank note i have seen . so many artists and crafts people worked on these notes , under the leadership of the nile team . such attention to detail , even the tweed pattern is called the dog otter tooth . wild money . why not use it to rewild the language of children . and the scottish note has poetry and hidden lost words that are only visible under uv light . the first lines are clear , the cork that can t be travels nose of a dog otter . the second two become visible only under uv light . it s piped at , screamed at , sworn at by an elegant oystercatcher . poetry against forgery . so please , bid generously . leave your bid in the comments below , but be sure to read first . all bids have to be actioned by me , so sometimes there are cross overs . otters are amongst my favourite animals , and both robert and i were delighted to find ourselves on the shortlist for the nations favourite nature book . i was especially pleased to be there alongside tarka . please share . and do have a look at the links to the otter s story on the notes . it s fascinating . bidding starts at 100 . the post lost words , hidden words , otters , banks and books appeared first on jackie morris artist . source : < URL >
red alert : bond yields are screaMing inflation is coming headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next love it , or hate it , the UsD is the reserve currency of the world . so what happens to it is of MassiVe import to the rest of the financial system . with that in mind , take a look at the below chart . this is looking more and more like a false breakout . false breakouts are dangerous the post red alert : bond yields are screaMing inflation is coming appeared first on gains pains capital . source : < URL >
scientists move doomsday clock ahead by 30 seconds , closest to apocalypse since 1953 as of today , it is two minutes to midnight headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next desdemona despair by lindsey bever , sarah kaplan , and abby ohlheiser 25 january 2018 ( the washington post ) alexa , what time is the apocalypse ulp . the bulletin of the atomic scientists advanced the symbolic doomsday clock a notch closer to the end of humanity thursday , moving it ahead by 30 seconds after what the organization called a grim assessment of the state of geopolitical affairs . as of today , bulletin president rachel bronson told reporters , it is two minutes to midnight . in moving the clock 30 seconds closer to the hour of the apocalypse , the group cited the failure of president trump and other world leaders to deal with looming threats of nuclear war and climate change . the organization whose board includes 15 nobel laureates now believes the world is not only more dangerous now than it was a year ago ; it is as threatening as it has been since world war ii , bulletin officials lawrence m . krauss and robert rosner wrote in an op - ed published thursday by the washington post . in fact , the doomsday clock is as close to midnight today as it was in 1953 , when cold war fears perhaps reached their highest levels . krauss , a theoretical physicist , and rosner , an astrophysicist , added : to call the world nuclear situation dire is to understate the danger and its immediacy . north korea s nuclear weapons program appeared to make remarkable progress in 2017 , increasing risks for itself , other countries in the region and the united states . the clock , a metaphorical measure of humankind s proximity to global catastrophe , also advanced 30 seconds last year , to 2 minutes to midnight the closest to the apocalyptic hour it has been since 1953 , after the united states tested its first thermonuclear device , followed months later by the soviet union s hydrogen bomb test . before thursday s announcement , experts said there was only one direction the clock could possibly move , given recent events including north korea s intercontinental ballistic missile test and the my - nuclear - button - is - bigger - than - yours war of words between trump and north korean leader kim jong un . i think it would be very hard for the clock not to move forward , alex wellerstein , who specializes in the history of nuclear weapons at the stevens institute of technology , said in an email leading up to the announcement . we have members of congress , white house advisers , and even the president implying that they think war with a nuclear state is not only likely , but potentially desirable . that s unusual and disturbing . the question i have is : how much forward can they go another 30 seconds , to be exact . [ more ] the doomsday clock just moved : it s now 2 minutes to midnight , the symbolic hour of the apocalypse by lawrence krauss and robert rosner 25 january 2018 ( the washington post ) days after donald trump took the oath of office , the bulletin of the atomic scientists reset the doomsday clock to 2 minutes to midnight , in part because of destabilizing comments and threats from america s new commander in chief . one year later , we are moving the clock forward again by 30 seconds , due to the failure of president trump and other world leaders to deal with looming threats of nuclear war and climate change . the science and security board for the bulletin of the atomic scientists assesses that the world is not only more dangerous now than it was a year ago ; it is as threatening as it has been since world war ii . in fact , the doomsday clock is as close to midnight today as it was in 1953 , when cold war fears perhaps reached their highest levels . to call the world nuclear situation dire is to understate the danger and its immediacy . north korea s nuclear weapons program appeared to make remarkable progress in 2017 , increasing risks for itself , other countries in the region and the united states . the failure in 2017 to secure a temporary freeze on north korea s nuclear development was unsurprising to observers of the downward spiral of nuclear rhetoric between trump and north korean leader kim jong un . but north korea s developing nuclear program will reverberate not just in the asia - pacific , as neighboring countries review their security options , but more widely , as all countries consider the costs and benefits of the international framework of nonproliferation treaties and agreements . global nuclear risks were compounded by u . s . - russia relations that now feature more conflict than cooperation . the united states and russia remained at odds , continuing military exercises along the borders of the north atlantic treaty organization , undermining the intermediate - range nuclear forces treaty , upgrading their nuclear arsenals and eschewing arms control negotiations . tensions over the south china sea have increased . pakistan and india have continued to build ever - larger arsenals of nuclear weapons . and in the middle east , uncertainty about continued u . s . support for the landmark iranian nuclear deal adds to a bleak overall picture . a related danger is the rise of cyberthreats targeting national infrastructure , including power grids , water supplies and military systems . on the climate - change front , the danger may seem less immediate than risk of nuclear annihilation , but avoiding catastrophic temperature increases in the long run requires urgent attention now . global carbon dioxide emissions have not yet shown the beginnings of the sustained decline toward zero that must occur if we are to avoid ever - greater warming . the nations of the world will have to significantly decrease their greenhouse - gas emissions to manage even the climate risk accepted in the paris accord . so far , the global response has fallen far short of meeting this challenge . the trump administration s decision essentially to turn a blind eye to climate change transpired against a backdrop of a worsening climate , including exceedingly powerful hurricanes in the caribbean and other parts of north america and extreme heat waves in australia , south america , asia , europe and california . the arctic ice cap achieved its smallest - ever winter maximum in 2017 . and last week , data from 2017 demonstrated a continued trend of exceptional global warmth . we believe that the perilous world security situation described here would , in itself , justify moving the minute hand of the doomsday clock closer to midnight . but there also is a real threat posed by a fundamental breakdown in the international order that has been dangerously exacerbated by recent u . s . actions . in 2017 , the united states backed away from its long - standing leadership role in the world , reducing its commitment to seek common ground and undermining the overall effort toward solving pressing global governance challenges . neither allies nor adversaries have been able to reliably predict u . s . actions or discern between sincere u . s . pronouncements and mere rhetoric . u . s . allies have needed reassurance about american intentions more than ever . instead , they have been force to negotiate a thicket of conflicting policy statements from an administration weakened in its cadre of foreign policy professionals and suffering from turnover in senior leadership . led by an undisciplined and disruptive president , the administration has failed to develop , coordinate and clearly communicate a coherent nuclear policy . this inconsistency constitutes a major challenge for deterrence , alliance management and global stability . we hope this resetting of the clock will be interpreted exactly as it is meant : an urgent warning of global danger . the time for world leaders to address looming nuclear danger and the continuing march of climate change is long past . the time for the citizens of the world to demand such action is now . it is time to rewind the doomsday clock . we re as close to doomsday today as we were during the cold war washington , d . c . , 25 january 2018 ( bulletin of the atomic scientists ) citing growing nuclear risks and unchecked climate dangers , the iconic doomsday clock is now 30 seconds closer to midnight , the closest to the symbolic point of annihilation that the clock has been since 1953 at the height of the cold war . the decision announced today to move the doomsday clock to two minutes before midnight was made by the bulletin of the atomic scientists science and security board in consultation with the board of sponsors , which includes 15 nobel laureates . the full text of the doomsday clock statement is available at < URL > and includes key recommendations about how to rewindthedoomsdayclock . video from the doomsday clock announcement at the national press club in washington , d . c . , is available at < URL > and on the bulletin of the atomic scientists facebook page at < URL > the statement explaining the resetting of the time of the doomsday clock notes : in 2017 , world leaders failed to respond effectively to the looming threats of nuclear war and climate change , making the world security situation more dangerous than it was a year ago and as dangerous as it has been since world war ii . the greatest risks last year arose in the nuclear realm . north korea s nuclear weapons program appeared to make remarkable progress in 2017 , increasing risks for itself , other countries in the region , and the united states . hyperbolic rhetoric and provocative actions on both sides have increased the possibility of nuclear war by accident or miscalculation . on the climate change front , the danger may seem less immediate , but avoiding catastrophic temperature increases in the long run requires urgent attention now . the nations of the world will have to significantly decrease their greenhouse gas emissions to keep climate risks manageable , and so far , the global response has fallen far short of meeting this challenge . fueling concerns about the potential of a nuclear holocaust are a range of u . s . - russian military entanglements , south china sea tensions , escalating rhetoric between pakistan and india , and uncertainty about continued u . s . support for the iran nuclear deal . contributing to the risks of nuclear and non - nuclear clashes around the globe are the rise of nation - state information technology and internet - based campaigns attacking infrastructure and free elections , according to the statement . also highlighted as an overarching global concern : the decline of u . s . leadership and a related demise of diplomacy under the trump administration . [ t ] here has also been a breakdown in the international order that has been dangerously exacerbated by recent u . s . actions . in 2017 , the united states backed away from its longstanding leadership role in the world , reducing its commitment to seek common ground and undermining the overall effort toward solving pressing global governance challenges . neither allies nor adversaries have been able to reliably predict u . s . actions or understand when u . s . pronouncements are real , and when they are mere rhetoric . international diplomacy has been reduced to name - calling , giving it a surrealistic sense of unreality that makes the world security situation ever more threatening . in january 2017 , the doomsday clock s minute hand edged forward by 30 seconds , to two and half minutes before midnight . for the first time , the doomsday clock was influenced by statements from an incoming u . s . president , donald trump , regarding the proliferation and the prospect of actually using nuclear weapons , as well as statements made in opposition to u . s . commitments regarding climate change . rachel bronson , president and ceo , bulletin of the atomic scientists , said : because of the extraordinary danger of the current moment , the science and security board today moves the minute hand of the doomsday clock 30 seconds closer to catastrophe . it is now two minutes to midnight the closest the clock has ever been to doomsday , and as close as it was in 1953 , at the height of the cold war . lawrence krauss , director of the origins project at arizona state university , foundation professor at school of earth and space exploration and physics department , arizona state university , and chair , bulletin of the atomic scientists board of sponsors , said : the current , extremely dangerous state of world affairs need not be permanent . the means for managing dangerous technology and reducing global - scale risk exist ; indeed , many of them are well - known and within society s reach , if leaders pay reasonable attention to preserving the long - term prospects of humanity , and if citizens demand that they do so . this is a dangerous time , but the danger is of our own making . humankind has invented the implements of apocalypse ; so can it invent the methods of controlling and eventually eliminating them . this year , leaders and citizens of the world can move the doomsday clock and the world away from the metaphorical midnight of global catastrophe by taking common - sense action . robert rosner , william e . wrather distinguished service professor in the department of astronomy and astrophysics and physics at the university of chicago , and chair , bulletin of the atomic scientists science and security board , said : we hope this resetting of the clock will be interpreted exactly as it is meant as an urgent warning of global danger . the time for world leaders to address looming nuclear danger and the continuing march of climate change is long past . the time for the citizens of the world to demand such action is now : rewindthedoomsdayclock . sharon squassoni , research professor of practice at the institute for international science and technology policy , elliott school of international affairs , the george washington university , and bulletin of the atomic scientists science and security board , said : in the past year , u . s . allies have needed reassurance about american intentions more than ever . instead , they have been forced to negotiate a thicket of conflicting policy statements from a u . s . administration weakened in its cadre of foreign policy professionals , suffering from turnover in senior leadership , led by an undisciplined and disruptive president , and unable to develop , coordinate , and clearly communicate a coherent nuclear policy . this inconsistency constitutes a major challenge for deterrence , alliance management , and global stability . it has made the existing nuclear risks greater than necessary and added to their complexity . sivan kartha , senior scientist at the stockholm environmental institute and co - leader of sei s gender and social equity program , and bulletin of the atomic scientists science and security board , said : 2017 just clocked in as the hottest year on record that wasn t boosted by an el nino . and that matches what we ve witnessed on the ground : the caribbean suffered a season of historic damage from exceedingly powerful hurricanes , extreme heat waves struck across the globe , the arctic ice cap hit its lowest winter peak on record , and the u . s . suffered devastating wildfires . and while this was happening , the trump administration dutifully carried through on the campaign promise of derailing u . s . climate policy , putting avowed climate denialists in top cabinet positions , and announcing plans to withdraw from the paris climate agreement . thankfully , this didn t cause global cooperation to unravel , and other countries have reaffirmed their commitment to take action against climate change . rewindthedoomsdayclock is a major message of the 2018 statement , with the following action steps among those recommended : u . s . president donald trump should refrain from provocative rhetoric regarding north korea , recognizing the impossibility of predicting north korean reactions . the u . s . and north korean governments should open multiple channels of communication . the world community should pursue , as a short - term goal , the cessation of north korea s nuclear weapon and ballistic missile tests . north korea is the only country to violate the norm against nuclear testing in 20 years . the trump administration should abide by the terms of the joint comprehensive plan of action for iran s nuclear program unless credible evidence emerges that iran is not complying with the agreement or iran agrees to an alternative approach that meets u . s . national security needs . the united states and russia should discuss and adopt measures to prevent peacetime military incidents along the borders of nato . u . s . and russian leaders should return to the negotiating table to resolve differences over the inf treaty , to seek further reductions in nuclear arms , to discuss a lowering of the alert status of the nuclear arsenals of both countries , to limit nuclear modernization programs that threaten to create a new nuclear arms race , and to ensure that new tactical or low - yield nuclear weapons are not built , and existing tactical weapons are never used on the battlefield . u . s . citizens should demand , in all legal ways , climate action from their government . climate change is a real and serious threat to humanity . governments around the world should redouble their efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions so they go well beyond the initial , inadequate pledges under the paris agreement . the international community should establish new protocols to discourage and penalize the misuse of information technology to undermine public trust in political institutions , in the media , in science , and in the existence of objective reality itself . contact patrick mitchell , ( 703 ) 276 - 3266 and pmitchell hastingsgroup . com alex frank , ( 703 ) 276 - 3264 andafrank hastingsgroup . com it is now 2 minutes to midnight source : < URL >
why sandwiches must be banned of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next never mind transportation and power generation . we can address the global warming crisis by having the united nations ban sandwiches : researchers at the university of manchester calculated the carbon footprint of 40 different types of sandwiches both home - made and pre - packaged taking account how the ingredients were produced , the packaging , as well as food waste discarded at home and elsewhere in the supply chain . professor adisa azapagic , from the university s school of chemical engineering and analytical sciences , said : given that sandwiches are a staple of the british diet as well as their significant market share in the food sector , it is important to understand the contribution from this sector to the emissions of greenhouse gases . for example , consuming 11 . 5 billion sandwiches annually in the uk generates , on average , 9 . 5 million tonnes of co2 eq , equivalent to the annual use of 8 . 6 million cars . next , the experts will issue an official report on precisely how many angels can dance on the head of a pin . although banning sandwiches would be ideal , eating stale sandwiches instead of fresh ones could help save the planet . the [ british sandwich association ] estimates that extending the shelf life of sandwiches could reduce waste by more than 2 , 000 tonnes a year . prof azapagic said : we need to change the labelling of food to increase the use - by date as these are usually quite conservative . so the sandwich is dried out and chewy ; it won t necessarily make you sick . do your part for the planet and shun fresh sandwiches , until progressives acquire the political leverage to ban sandwiches altogether . on a tip from kirklesworth . source : < URL >
poll : calls for war from israelis and palestinians sKYrOcKet due to trump s jerusalem deceleration of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next israelis and palestinians have always been on the cusp of all - out war , but now that trump has declared jerusalem as the capital of israel , it appears that both sides are ready to finally pull the trigger , both figuratively and very , very literally . the times of israel reported that a joint poll published by the tami steinmetz center for peace research ( tsc ) , tel aviv university and the palestinian center for policy and survey research in ramallah showed that palestinians and israel are more in favor of going to war with one another than ever before , now consisting of the majority of the population . according to the poll , support for war has almost doubled among the palestinians , while military solutions among israelis skyrocketed by almost 60 percent . what s more , the times of israel reports that those open to seeking peaceful solutions are down dramatically : when asked what should happen next , just 26 percent of palestinians chose the option of a peace deal , a staggering decline from 45 last june . thirty - eight percent supported armed struggle , up from just 21 in the previous survey . a similar but less extreme trend was seen among israeli jews . thirty - eight percent said a peace deal should be sought , down from 45 six months ago , and the percentage of supporters for a decisive military offensive to end the conflict increased from 12 to 19 . all experts point to trump s jerusalem declaration as the reason calls for violence have risen . calls for violence among palestinian groups is nothing new , however . terrorist organizations have been calling for violence since trump made the jerusalem declaration , including the leader of hamas , who said he wanted to make trump regret his decision . the post poll : calls for war from israelis and palestinians sKYrOcKet due to trump s jerusalem deceleration appeared first on redstate . source : < URL >
there was a global outcry after president trump announced his intention to move the u . s . embassy in israel from tel aviv to jerusalem . however , that might actually turn out to be good for america s economy if the white house stopped giving billions of dollars every year to countries that take it for granted .
as the president spends the weekend pouting over his missed inaugural anniversary party at mar - a - lago , millions of marchers will celebrate the anniversary of their public dissent against a tyrannical , misogynistic , homophobic , racist , and xenophobic government leader . are you fired up by the trumpshutdown are you continually shocked by the chaos , meanness and unstable nature of the realdonaldtrump administration if so , go march tomorrow . let the world see you roar . understand the power you have to shape public sentiment . pic . twitter . com / fnpanwgsyh ted lieu ( tedlieu ) january 20 , 2018 are you fired up by the chaos and meanness of the realdonaldtrump administration concerned about the direction of our great nation motivated by the totally unnecessary trumpshutdown go march today at womensmarch2018 . know the power you have to help change history . < URL > ted lieu ( tedlieu ) january 20 , 2018 rep . ted lieu ( d - ca ) is encouraging marchers to make their voices heard in light of the government shutdown precipitated by trump s refusal to extend daca protections to dreamers brought into the united states as children and to sign funding for chip , the children s health insurance program , which expired months ago and has yet to be addressed by the president or a gop congress . marchers across the country plan to do just that . the theme of this year s march , power to the polls , focuses more on organizing than the public outrage that erupted over the election of a president accused by multiple women of sexual assault and sexual harassment , a president who promised to ban muslims and punish women who exercise their right to make private medical decisions with their doctors . instead of anger , the theme is power and taking it back , the result of a year s worth of pushing back and rising to the fore for women who want a seat at the political table . timE ' s new cover : first they marched . now a record number of women are running for office < URL > pic . twitter . com / xeu0c5spl6 timE ( timE ) january 18 , 2018 as timE magazine s charlotte adler wrote : in dozens of interviews with timE , progressive women described undergoing a metamorphosis . in 2016 , they were ordinary voters . in 2017 , they became activists , spurred by the bitter defeat of the first major female presidential candidate at the hands of a self - described pussy grabber . now , in 2018 , these doctors and mothers and teachers and executives are jumping into the arena and bring new energy to a democratic party sorely in need of fresh faces . the women s march 2018 taking place across the country is a direct response to the failed leadership of donald trump and his tendency to place the bigotry of his supporters over the good of a country . voters have already begun to answer his failures with ballots , turning red states like alabama blue and flipping seats in congress . however , the change isn t just taking place in federal governments , but state and local governments , as well , where democrats and specifically democratic women , more specifically minority democratic women are showing up to run for office in greater numbers than ever before . the women ' s march returns this weekend with marches , rallies , and the women ' s march anniversary : power to the polls < URL > pic . twitter . com / ymtdaq2imh brooklynvegan ( brooklynvegan ) january 19 , 2018 according to the cut : to date , 390 women are planning to run for the house of representatives , a figure that s higher than at any point in american history . twenty - two of them are non - incumbent black women for scale , there are only 18 black women in the house right now . meanwhile , 49 women are likely to be running for the senate , more than 68 percent higher than the number who d announced at the same point in 2014 . the marches will continue on sunday , the anniversary of the protests of trump s inauguration . lawmakers , celebrities , and performers will help to mark the event . on january 21 , 2018 , the anniversary of the womensmarch , we will gather in las vegas to show that women are not backing down ; we are bringing the power of our movement to the polls . join us powertothepolls < URL > pic . twitter . com / avofudvliz momsrising ( momsrising ) january 13 , 2018 what better way is there for rep . lieu , one of trump s most vocal opponents , as well as women across the country , to answer trump s and the gop congress s failures to address the concerns of women and other minorities across the country than by taking back their power at the polls featured image via getty / chip somodevilla
tuesday brought bombshell after bombshell in reports on the rapidly growing mueller investigation . oddly silent , the president never mentioned nor even attempted to spin the explosive revelations on twitter . instead he focused on spinning more evidence of the booming economy he s created . according to news reports , mueller has now interviewed a key member of trump s inner circle , attorney general jeff sessions , further interviews were conducted with former fBi director james comey and former acting attorney general sally yates . an even bigger bombshell was dropped when reports revealed that mueller is also interested in questions around the day trump summoned former acting fBi director andrew mccabe to the oval office to ask him who he voted for in 2016 . these are all massively consequential revelations , but trump has had nothing to say about any of them . even more odd , not to mention heartless , is trump s failure to acknowledge the eleventh school shooting of 2018 ( 11 school shootings in 23 days ) in marshall county , kentucky . two were killed and several more injured , but the president has had nothing to say about the tragedy . perhaps he believes the country no longer needs a president who acknowledges real issues as long as he can convince everyone they re going to get rich any day now . twitter was not impressed with trump s bragging and turned his misleading tweet on its head with some statistics and news stories of their own . read some of their best responses below : featured image via getty / pool
kelly benzel was looking for a new best friend . she wanted a new dog . and instead of going to a pet shop that gathers dogs from disturbing puppy mills , benzel wanted to help a dog that had suffered in the past . so she went to her local rescue shelter and sought out a dog that had suffered animal abuse . she wanted to give the canine a second chance and shower it with the love it deserved . benzel fell in love with a white pit bull mix named rocco . she knew he would be the perfect dog for her . but before she was able to adopt him , she did not get a chance to meet the dog s previous owner . she was merely told that the dog s previous owners had possessed him for only a few months . although she did not know the dog s history , benzel was overjoyed to show rocco a new life with her . but as she was driving away with the dog , she knew that something was severely wrong . rocco was emitting a disturbing and potent odor . it smelled so bad , benzel could not even keep driving . she pulled over to go take a closer look at rocco . when she saw what it was , she was utterly shocked . the pit bull mix had a long laceration on his neck that the previous owner had hidden with the dog harness . the gash was six inches deep and one and a half inches deep . and kelly could tell by the smell that it was infected . instead of going home , benzel turned around and headed straight for the animal hospital . the vet helped rocco . he was bandaged and given the right medicines . and he was on the road to recovery . but his injury did not have to happen . benzel learned that he had been forced to wear his harness all the time since he was young . the material had cut into his flesh , and his skin had grown around it . he was so neglected that harness had embedded in his skin . benzel refused to let her new best friend go without getting justice . she called the seller up and told them about the problem . that shady person then tried to bribe her by saying the previous owner would cover the medical expenses and that she shouldn t worry . but benzel wanted justice for rocco . after intense neglect , she knew he deserved that much . that s when she hung up the phone and called the police . the owners played dumb . they pretended not to have known the dog was severely injured . and they said they only used the harness to keep rocco from running away . the justice system smelled the lies . the previous owners were slammed with mistreatment of animals charge . and then they were forced to fork over a 1 , 500 fine for their horrible treatment of the dog . benzel and rocco are now living happily together , and the dog s health is back where it should be . hats off to benzel for seeking justice for this dog . she did the right thing .
animal rescue workers in california received an unusual call near the end of december 2017 . in a dumpster , bystanders found a very weird - looking animal . and when they arrived at the scene to help it out , they found that it was a female bear cub that was utterly hairless after losing it all . now that the cub , who has since been named eve , is under the care of the bear league rescue group , which is in homewood , california , she is getting the care she needs to get her health back on track . the rescue group said that female cub lost her hair because of a bad case of mange . and when she was taken in , she was rushed to emergency care for an entire week . and at the end of it , they saved her life . but if she hadn t been taken to the bear league rescue group , she might not have made it . we ve seen this condition before , it seems to result from the cub s mother being killed early in the season and then the very small young one tries desperately to make it on their own but goes hungry most of the time , the bear league said in a facebook post . their immune system is therefore terribly compromised , and they succumb to mange and stunted growth . after bear league helped get the bear out of the emergency state , volunteers with california department of fish and wildlife arrived to transport the hairless bear cub to the fund for animals wildlife center in san diego county . the bear league said : a couple of compassionate and dedicated wildlife volunteers drove this little girl down to the center on the day before christmas . though we told them we don t name our patients , they had decided that she deserved a name and called her eve in honor of the holiday . she was being given a special gift for christmas . she would now have a warm , safe place to heal . when the little bear arrived , caretakers took her in and are focusing on helping her gain weight so she can get back on the track of good health . rescuer workers believe the cub is about a year old . and if she regrows her hair as they expect , she will eventually be released back into the wild . the bear league has taken a solid interest in the hairless black bear cub . and a few days before this writing , they shared an update to their facebook page that read : our little bare - bear is doing great she is a hearty eater and so far has not been picky at all . she is responding well to enrichment items , and so far she has adjusted well to her new environment . she will need to remain in the medical ward for now , where we can sanitize her room , and we have the ability to keep her away from inclement weather and keep her on heat during our chilly nights . what do you think about this little hairless black bear cub do you think she ll make a full recovery
arachniphobia is probably one of the most prevalent phobias out there . it is a hard question to answer with hard numbers , as phobias are not easily understood by those who have yet to face all their fears . while many claim to have a fear of heights or an aversion to tight spaces , neither of these predispositions are as predominant as a fear of spiders . but here is the thing : many people probably don t even know they have arachniphoabia . why is this because they have not yet come face - to - face with a spider that really can give them nightmares . let all of this change today as you face your fears and observe one of the most disgusting and scary bugs on the planet . footage of a south american beetle has been shared across the internet , and it has got many people more grossed out than ever before . the footage was posted by a japanese bug enthusiast who thought it worthwhile to post the movements of this disturbing beetle . while we don t mind observing nature in it s natural habitat , this just takes it to a whole other level if you though all of nature s creatures are beautiful , you should really check this face - eating bug out to see what nature is really capable of . the creature is known as the puppa of a hercules beetle . it is born in the forests or the undergrowth and spends the first two years of it s life where it should remain : out of site . it feats on rotten and dying wood for the majority of it s first two years of life , before gathering the strength to lock itself in a cocoon and grow an exoskeleton . the exoskeleton is the outer shell of the creative that helps it develop protection and strength as it develops . slowly the creature grows into a larger form and emerges out of the cocoon when it is at full strength and maximum creepy - ness . in it s full adult form it has huge pincers and can grow to over 6 . 7 inches we have the footage from the twitter feed of ziya tong , a japanese - canadian nature journalist specializes in the most odd creatures that roam the earth . woah . this is the puppa of the hercules beetle , he wrote . like something right out of aliens . and it moves the reaction to his post was not met with resounding excitement and curiosity to say the least . one twitter follower wrote : whatever it is Kill it with fiRe this is a justifiable reaction to such a grotesque and powerful spider / bug . the one consolation that most of us in the north o the equator will ever have an issue with these scuttling into our bedrooms while we sleep . they are found only in south america , where the climate is warm enough for them to live year round and find all the rotten wood they need to survive . even though most of us will never see this beetle in real life , we can still develop a real fear of it . whether arachnophobia or just a fear of scary bugs don t spend long looking at it or you might start believing it is real
this will not stop the facebook sellers of the oil defending their product despite mounting evidence . even though essential oils have been around for so long , it is only recently that the products have become super popular commercial items thanks to marketing initiatives that target interested consumers . it is almost like people did not read the small print on these bottles and make the connection that maybe the oils are harmful to pets like cats who have much weaker constitutions . we can t blame people for being into essential oils . essential oils are usually naturally - derived and offer a potential cure for stress and other potential challenges . the current crop of companies on facebook selling essential oils are making some claims that really have no basis in fact . claims that essential oils can help you lose weight or keep your house clean are convincing a lot of people to invest in these products without realizing that it is personal drive and work ethic that will actually help them lose weight and keep a tidy house . two of the biggest companies are young living essential oils and doterra , which has recruited over 3 million sellers since it s launch on 2008 . in any event , customers are taking to facebook to offer their concerns after a mom posted about how she accidentally poisoned her cat with an essential oil spray . sue murray , who lives in michigan , posted that her daughter s cat ernie did not take well to the spray . she was using a eucalyptus spray she bought on amazon in her bedroom because she read somewhere that it helped with congestion . all it seems to have done is make 16 - year old ernie feel sick . the first couple days i didn t notice any symptoms with ernie , but on the fourth day , he was lethargic , unstable on his feet and he was drooling excessively . it was only then that her husband looked up eucalyptus and realized it can be fatal for cats . they rushed ernie to the vet and made sure he got the attention he needed . the vet gave him a shot of antibiotics and another shot of vitamins to boost him and instructions to watch him over the weekend , according to sue . she went on to add that ernie has not been himself . he is eating and drinking a little , walking a little better , has some diarrhea , but is still not out of the woods . of course , it goes without saying that sue was not informed of these risks by the company she bought from . her post has been shared over 700 , 000 times and points to a general concern amongst consumers that information is lacking in the essential oils they buy . the reaction from companies has been just as swift as the complaints brought about after sue s post . many of these companies claim their products are safe to use around pets , and that it is really a rare case for an essential oil to harmful . one of the bigger companies , doterra , even went so far as accusing sue of buying cheap oils
facebook / destinythegame promo image for " destiny 2 ' s " first dlc " curse of osiris . " " destiny 2 ' s " faction rallies was one of the major events in the game that debuted recently . however , they did not run as smoothly as bungie may have hoped . bungie was recently prompted to issue an apology to " destiny 2 " gamers after many of them noticed that they had received far less new weapons after winning in the faction rallies for season 2 . meanwhile , other players also complained of receiving redundant loot items upon redeeming their faction engrams . the game developer has since recognized these feedback from fans and explained that they had applied a new mechanism of distributing new weapons in the faction rallies for season 2 . " it was not made clear beforehand that the new season 2 weapons would be added throughout the events of the season rather than all at once in the beginning . this was on us . no excuses , " bungie explained in a community forum . in a separate statement explaining the distribution of new weapons in upcoming faction rallies , bungie confirmed that each faction would receive five new weapons which , as mentioned , would be handed out all throughout the event . bungie explained that the weapon rewards , called winner ' s offering , will be changed to a new type as a new faction rally event takes place . the auto rifle winner ' s offering for the first rally has already been made available . as for the second rally , the same rule applies and bungie added : " additionally , the previous winner ' s offering ( auto rifles ) and an additional weapon are added to faction engram rewards . " meanwhile , the game developer promised that the third and final faction rally in season 2 will also call for a new weapon " that has yet to be featured . " " the previous winner ' s offering will be added to the faction engram rewards , alongside an additional weapon . this brings the total to four weapons within the faction engram , and a final winner ' s offering for factions to compete for over the course of the event , " bungie further explained . recently , bungie was also criticized by " destiny 2 " players after they imposed a restriction in the number of chest rewards that can be claimed . the developer has since explained that this had been done to address an exploit that allowed players to harvest loots in the lost sector at a rate much faster than bungie preferred . however , bungie agreed with players that the remedy they had applied " is way too penalizing " and promised to fix it in an upcoming patch .
numsa : the south african union that confronts new forms of apartheid through class struggle the massacre of the mine workers in august of 2012 was actually the catalyst for the decision that numsa made in the following year to break away from the alliance . the dawn news spoke to phakamile hlubi of the national union of metalworkers of south africa about their struggle against the neoliberal government in south africa , worker s power and their vision of pan african socialism . phakamile hlubi : numsa represents over 350 , 000 metal workers . we are a trade union that was born from the metal working industry but we have since 2013 expanded our scope , we now represent workers along the value chain of metal working . its moved from the automotive industry to transportation to mining , and we are now even organizing the energy sector . so for example the power utility esKom has numsa members , nersa - - national energy regulator of south africa - - has numsa members . but the bottom line is that the workers we represent mostly are in the metal industry , the automotive industry , and along that value chain . what is numsa s position towards the current government and political context in south africa i ll answer your question first and then i ll give some context . our view of the current south african government is we have taken a very oppositionist perspective , we are opposed to the anc - - african national congress , ruling party in south africa - - - led government . up until 2013 numsa was an active member and an alliance partner and supporter of the anc . this was because in the days of the liberation movement when we were still fighting the apartheid regime , all of the various formations , the trade unions , the nGos and the popular community struggles which were all fighting against apartheid all came together in an alliance . so if you were an anc member you were automatically a supporter of all of the trade union federations , of cosatu - - congress of south african trade unions - - for example . you were automatically a supporter of the udf - - united democratic front . so that was the history , that was the alliance which was formed during the times of apartheid which was made up of the anc , cosatu , sacp - - south african communist party - - and other organizations were all part of one umbrella organization supporting each other in alliance . from the early 90 s , we began to vociferously oppose the fact that the anc had made a decision to promote neoliberal capital in its macroeconomic policies . even in 1994 when south africa transitioned from apartheid to a democratic or a so - called democratic state , that alliance continued . the anc government was in power but it was in power because of this alliance that it had and because of this relationship it had with the south african communist party and other trade unions . numsa was part of cosatu at that time , and of course we were then automatically part of the alliance , and we did endorse the anc government . however , we were opposed even though we were supporting them ; politically we did not necessarily agree with the economic strategy that they were pursuing . from the early 90 s , we began to vociferously oppose the fact that the anc had made a decision to promote neoliberal capital in its macroeconomic policies . we had within the alliance expressed an extreme opposition because we felt that these economic policies in the long term would have a hugely detrimental impact on the working class in south africa because they ultimately increased poverty and they would not attend to the problem of inequality which we inherited as a result of the apartheid system . apartheid in south africa in many ways remains even today . we say that because even though it is illegal for anybody to be racist towards you , in practice our economy is racist . our economy still is structured in terms of the way it was during the days of apartheid , very little has changed . after the black government took over , even now 23 years later , the means of production , the ownership structure of most corporations , especially multinationals and big companies , they are all dominated by white capitalists and white capitalist companies . you have a situation where the richest people in south africa continue to be white people , just like it was under apartheid , white people continue to live the best lives just like they did under apartheid . that s when you realize that the battle has to be much more than just about race . if you are not dealing with the fundamentals and the fundamental structure of the economy then you re never going to change that kind of racial imbalance that we have inherited from the apartheid and colonial systems that we had in this country . our economy still is structured in terms of the way it was during the days of apartheid , very little has changed . our government did not fundamentally transform , so they did not demand land , they did not nationalize the land , they did not nationalize the minerals , they did not offer free and compulsory education and health care and all of those things . they have pretty much followed and adhered to the demands of the world bank and ratings agencies in terms of how our economy is structured . it s allowed the dominance of white capital to continue as if apartheid did not end . even in that time we have had , for example , the implementation of labor brokering , which has had a really negative impact on workers in south africa , especially our members , many are finding themselves in precarious work , because of what labor brokering does . our government now is tolling the freeways , in a system called e - tolls that commercializes the use of the roads . it was those decisions , and ultimately marikana , the massacre of the mine workers in august of 2012 was actually the catalyst for the decision that numsa made in the following year in 2013 to break away from the alliance because it then became patently clear that the government was actually an enemy . it was not a government of the working class , it was not a government that was interested in social justice for the majority of the working class ; it was a government which had in essence become a security guard if i can say to protect white corporate and white capitalist interests . i think it s very important , i have to say that when we talk about the racism and that aspect , we are sometimes accused of being racist but we are not being racist , we are just articulating the reality . in a country where the majority of the people are african , it just doesn t make sense that the economy should be controlled by such a small percentage of people . that is ultimately what we are fighting against . thats why in 2013 , in the special national congress of numsa their members made the decision that they would no longer support the anc government in the alliance , they would no longer support president jacob zuma as president of the country especially because of the extreme levels of corruption that were emerging , and him spending millions on his own personal home , and we were now going to pursue an agenda for the working class and we were going to pursue the idea of the formation of a worker s party , whose interests champion the interests of the working class . many members of the anc are actually communists , however , in practice their policies are hurtful to the working class and the poor . when numsa made that decision , we were then expelled from cosatu , and when you are expelled from cosatu , there are a whole load of other things that happened as a result of that . so our view of the current political dispensation is that whilst they may sound like they care about the working class , and you will hear they use the right kind of language , because they do have that liberation history , and they do have a long association of working with working class formations , many members of the anc are actually communists , or members of the south african communist party . however , in practice if you look at the economic policies that have been implemented , those policies are hurtful to the working class and the poor . as we speak right now the anc government is proposing legislation to undermine all of the hard work and the rights that we have fought for as workers in south africa . during apartheid , african workers had no right to organize , they were not allowed to join a union , it was illegal to unionize , and you could be severely punished for being involved in those types of activities . now what we are finding is that they are trying to change the legislation , but its a type of oppression that is very clever . they are not oppressing you with the gun , what they have said is that from next year may , if you want to go on strike , in the middle of your strike if your strike is a very long and lengthy strike , the state has the right to approach the labor court , and stop your strike , if its having an extremely negative impact on the economy . they have also proposed that we as trade unionists must ballot , and hold elections among ourselves where we allow our members to vote and say whether they want to have a strike or not . usually in trade union culture when members want to go on strike its very simple . you have a mass meeting , workers en mass will agree with a show of hands , yes we all agree , we want to go on strike or no that s it , we are done , its over , but its a very sort of informal process but it is done very organically and its done in that style . now they want us to have an election , where we must cast votes in a secret way to say yes we want to continue with the strike or no we don t continue with the strike . by implementing a system like that you are actually in effect subverting the right to strike . the right to strike is now no longer an automatic right , it is now being hampered by bureaucracy . so they are using bureaucracy as a way to limit our right to strike . the right to strike is now no longer an automatic right , it is now being hampered by bureaucracy . how they have justified this is by marikana . they blame the marikana massacre on the workers , they believe that the violence that took place at that time was because the workers were violent . the workers were violent , therefore the police had to come out and shoot 34 unarmed striking workers . after marikana , there was a platinum strike of over 6 weeks , it was one of the longest strikes ever recorded in post - apartheid south africa . it almost destroyed the platinum industry in south africa because workers were inspired by what they had seen in marikana and they were also horrified by the mass murder , so they refused to back down on the demand for 12 , 000 rand . the demand for that wage of 12 , 000 rand was the catalyst and what sparked the marikana strike . so you found that all of these miners in and around the platinum belt all started demanding the same thing , which caused a massive strike that lasted a long time , which the state couldn t break . its for that reason that they have now come up with these laws , which they designed to try and limit our rights so that they can actually intervene and stop the strike when they feel like we are having too much of an impact . at numsa that means we are even more an enemy of the state than we were before , because as far as we are concerned this bill is an infringement on our fundamental and basic right to strike . the bill at the moment is still a bill and there are public consultations taking place so as numsa we have participated in the consultation , where we have rejected it , but we are also planning to take the issue to the constitutional court . we believe that it is a constitutional violation , that what our government is trying to achieve is actually going to remove our most basic rights , a right we did not have during apartheid and now it seems in this post - apartheid government , that right is going to be taken away by the very same progressive black government , because they are only interested in protecting the interests of capital and big business . what is numsa s perspective on how they see pan african unity happening on the continent for us , solidarity - - whether it s pan african or international - - is critical . we were part of the liberation movement in the days of apartheid and it was international solidarity that played a major role in destroying the apartheid government . as marxists and as leninists we believe in international solidarity and we believe that we have a role to play on the continent . that is why we have been actively supporting our zambian comrades with the struggles that they are facing against the lungu regime , particularly because as south africans we were hosted by the zambian government under apartheid and now that we see them , when we see them suffering we feel that it is our responsibility to highlight the crisis . in fact we were the first in south africa to raise the alarm about what was going on in zambia , because the zambian government and the south african government are very cozy , they are very good friends . the mainstream media in south africa is asleep when it comes to these issues . they are not very connected to what is going on in the continent , they are very focused on what is goes on in south africa , they are very insular . when ordinary zambians started complaining about rights abuses , a lot of people weren t even hearing them and it was only really when numsa started to make a lot of noise on behalf of zambian people that south africans started to be aware of the oppression that was taking place through the lungu government . as marxists and as leninists we believe in international solidarity and we believe that we have a role to play on the continent . we are also creating relationships with other african countries and we are doing that through the pan african today . earlier in the year we hosted the pan african socialist conference in tunisia , and even my presence here in brazil as a representative of numsa is part of that process . we believe that it is very important that we must build these relationships because we can see the attack against the working class , ultimately we are all fighting the same battles . we are fighting former liberation governments who because of the fact that they believe that they freed us from colonialism they can do as they please . anywhere on the continent you have your mugabes of zimbabwe for example , mugabe felt he had the right to be a dictator for 30 years because he liberated the people of zimbabwe from colonialists , and we are all suffering from that . when you look at what happens in that transition , what kind of government takes place after that so called liberation takes place , its oppression through a different form , its oppression through capitalism and pursuing a neoliberal agenda . in south africa , that oppression has resulted in an unemployment rate of 35 and growing , where poverty levels are at 55 and growing , 55 of the entire population is living below the poverty line . where three white men own the entire wealth of the south african economy , so we realized that it is not enough for you to fight a battle against racism , ultimately the demon here is not racism , it s a system , a capitalist system which perpetuates inequality . so that s why its very important for us to speak about solidarity and creating a media platform where we can have and express our ideology as members of the working class because we know that it is the socialist ideology which is truly the solution to the world s ills . we are hoping that the rest of the continent can also come to this realization , and this is the message that we are trying to spread all over the continent and all over the world as well . this article previously appeared in the dawn news
what western imperialism is up to now in zimbabwe the capitalist agenda is to neo - colonize zimbabwe and appropriate its labor and land . when the press and media of the so - called western world adjust their depiction of a nation they had formally demonized to one worthy of cooperation we should pause for a more critical analysis . when it comes to capitalist and white supremacist portrayals of african countries zimbabwe is no different . it is never about the details or the context and all about the optics and the propaganda . from news outlets like reuters and across the us and european press in general , the message is : mugabe out - - white farmers back in , and the poor blacks with bad teeth dance and celebrate the return of the white saviors . irrespective of the real details behind a given story , the fact that such images are broadcast around the world is a blow against africans / black people at home and abroad . the media of white supremacy is a beast . just as dangerous is the capitalist agenda at the back end maneuvering to neo - colonize zimbabwe and appropriate its labor and land . it is a mischaracterization to claim that the fast track land program kicked off the violence of the land seizures in the late 1990 s . a december 21 st article in reuters suggesting that blacks were elated by the return of white farmer rob smart actually reveals something different upon closer examination . the racist spin of the article first explains that , " land ownership is one of zimbabwe s most sensitive political topics . colonialists seized some of the best agricultural land and much of it remained in the hands of white farmers after independence in 1980 leaving many blacks effectively landless . " then it describes the 2001 fast track land redistribution program to reclaim african land by president robert mugabe . " twenty years later , mugabe authorized the violent invasion of many white - owned farms . " erased from this account is the brutal violence that accompanied europe s settler colonization in southern africa in the late 1800 s with the help of the maxim gun , as well as the horrors of the apartheid system in rhodesia . it is also a mischaracterization to claim that the fast track land program kicked off the violence of the land seizures in the late 1990 s . the truth is the program was an intervention to the violence led by african liberation war veterans who were dissatisfied with slowness in rectifying the unjust colonial allocations of land . the reuters story also implies that returning the farm to smart could signify a reversing of the entire land redistribution process by the new president of zimbabwe , emmerson mnangagwa , for the sake of the economic recovery of the country . but rob smart lost his farm just last june in what was apparently an illegal seizure that was not in compliance with the program implemented under mugabe . because the taking of this farm was so recent , and apparently did not follow an established procedure , it appears to no wider conclusions can be drawn . it s more of a special case . the country s majority population is in the rural areas that benefitted most directly from the land reform . reversing the 17 year old land reforms to hand land back to whites is highly unfeasible . that process is past the point of no return . doing so would be the easiest way to get the country to reject the new transitions in government . while the media is fond of showing images in the urban areas , particularly in the capital harare where there has been majority opposition to zanu pf and mugabe , the country s majority population is in the rural areas that benefitted most directly from the land reform . in his december 4 th inauguration speech president mnangagwa said , given our historical realities , we wish the rest of the world to understand and appreciate that policies and programs related to land reform were inevitable . whilst there is a lot we may need to do by way of outcomes , the principle of repossessing our land cannot be challenged or reversed . when imperialism s magicians perform sleights of hand its media is central to the distractions . even though african land in zimbabwe reclaimed from white settlers appears to be safe for now , the other areas where collusion with the west is acute should be of serious concern . the magician s trick to destabilize zimbabwe under the leadership of mugabe was to impose measures to ruin the economy through pervasive sanctions of the us , uK , and eu then blame the outcome on mugabe . only folly can make anyone accept that the sanctions were a response to human rights abuses or election rigging . the west not only turns a blind eye to but aids and abets the most unspeakable human rights violations in the heart of africa : uganda , rwanda , and congo . the principle of repossessing our land cannot be challenged or reversed . sanctions against close us and western ally saudi arabia would be unthinkable , a country that holds no elections at all and sentences its citizens to be stoned to death . furthermore the us has orchestrated the overthrow of a virtually endless list of democratically elected governments from africa , asia to latin america . us hands are currently drenched in the blood of africans in libya . their goal in zimbabwe has been the consistent one for imperialism . the strategies change to adapt to the varied conditions , historical and otherwise , of a particular country . about nine years after zimbabwe s 1980 independence , the country - - like many others following the collapse of the soviet union - - was forced into accepting loans from the international monetary fund and the world bank . the loans , notorious for having strings attached in the form of esaps ( economic structural adjustment programs ) that mandate various privatization and deregulation measures , had gravely adverse impacts on zimbabweans like they do in any country . the us has orchestrated the overthrow of a virtually endless list of democratically elected governments from africa , asia to latin america . so it was in the subsequent political standoff between zanu - pf and imperialism beginning in the late 1990 s and led by president robert mugabe that three key things happened : 1 . ) zimbabwe initiated its fast track land reform , 2 . ) it enacted a law for indigenous african control of foreign companies , including mines , and 3 . ) done nowhere else in africa , it jettisoned the esaps to re - embark on a more socialist path , as it had started with after independence . needless to say , imperialism was not happy . amid all of this were all manner of regime change methods that included a media propaganda campaign of misinformation , half - truths , and outright lies to demonize zimbabwe and an aging robert mugabe . fast forward to today , following the removal of robert mugabe from power last november , less attention should be paid to the status of the land reform and more to the rebirth of the esap under the new president emmerson mnangagwa . and unsurprisingly the west has toned down , if not completely backed off of its condemning rhetoric . if the new leadership of zimbabwe is maintaining the anti - imperialist disposition it had under the leadership of mugabe , then they are also strangely allowing western press to tell what would be blatant lies to the contrary , reporting that : " since his appointment , mnangagwa has promised to rebuild relations with the west , to protect foreign investors and to hold elections . " less attention should be paid to the status of the land reform and more to the rebirth of the esap under the new president emmerson mnangagwa . in and of itself a coup does not necessarily indicate that the action is against the people s interest , whether the nature of the incoming government is revolutionary or neo - colonialist . thomas sankara , the upright man and revolutionary leader of burkina faso , came to power through a coup . hugo chavez s first attempt to power in venezuela was via coup . the case of the arab pan - africanist of the libyan jamahiriya , muammar gaddafi was the same . as far as imperialism is concerned , however , coups are perceived as negative and referring to the power change in zimbabwe as a coup would be problematic if it s your guy coming in . and the u . s . certainly seems to believe or want mnangagwa to be their guy , given " u . s . ambassador harry thomas avoided the term coup to describe mugabe s overthrow , referring to it as a military intervention . thomas said mnangagwa s administration should be judged by its performance - - most notably whether it manages to hold credible elections next year . " par for the course is that it really matters very little to imperialism whether or not elections set to be held in or before september 2018 are credible , as long as what now seems to be unfolding continues . high level military officials are being appointed to high level civil servant roles in the government and in at least one case holding dual roles . this is the case with former head of the armed forces constantino chiwenga who was named vice president on december 23 rd and appointed defense minister on december 29 th , retaining control of the military . the u . s . certainly seems to believe or want mnangagwa to be their guy , given that u . s . ambassador harry thomas avoided the term coup to describe mugabe s overthrow , referring to it as a military intervention . over the last month zimbabweans have seen moves to resurrect esaps like the privatizing of parastatals , the semiprivate / semipublic agencies which are meant to provide public goods like in energy , transport , communications , and agricultural sectors . privatization of this nature is always the application of a neo - liberal rationale that judges the performance of such institutions on an economic basis . do they turn a profit or do they operate in the black a revolutionary or socialist rationale would put the public good or need that the institution serves first and if there is a financial burden , consider an alternative that is not privatization . in response to questions about the january 1 st dissolving of the state procurement board ( spb ) and the establishing of the new procurement regulatory authority of zimbabwe , permanent secretary in the office of president and cabinet , ambassador boniface chidyausiku said : there will be a new set up , which is in line with best practices world over . the decision to procure now rests with the accounting officer whereas in the old system , they used to send documents to spb for approval . we came up with the new system following consultations with the world bank and the african development bank . the sad truth is that the history and complexity of what happened and is now unfolding in zimbabwe is not known nor understood by most people . western media allow only very simplified and misleading accounts . instead of feeling compelled to repay the west unjust debts , underdeveloped countries in africa and around the world should remember that the wealth amassed by international financial institution like the world bank and imf came from the plunder and rape of their lands and forced use of their labor . netfa freeman is an analyst and events coordinator for the institute for policy studies ( ips ) , a longtime organizer in the pan - african and international human rights movement , and former liaison for the ujamma youth farming project in gweru , zimbabwe . he also hosts and produces the radio show voices with vision on wpfw 89 . 3 fm .
has anyone ever been on the side of the people of congo ann garrison speaks to jean - claude maswana the democratic republic of the congo ( drc ) is the heart of black africa . millions of congolese have been murdered , massacred , enslaved , robbed of their resources , and driven from their homes since the berlin conference gave the " congo free state " to belgium ' s king leopold ii as his personal property in 1885 . patrice lumumba , the democratic republic of the congo ' s independence hero and first prime minister , famously wrote to his wife pauline from captivity in 1960 , shortly before his assassination : " we are not alone . africa , asia , and the free and liberated peoples in every corner of the globe will ever remain at the side of the millions of congolese who will not abandon the struggle until the day when there will be no more colonizers and no more of their mercenaries in our country . " but is anyone on the side of the congolese now i spoke to jean - claude maswana about the latest waves of aggression under current congolese president joseph kabila . maswana is a congolese native and economics professor at tsukuba university , japan . ann garrison : professor maswana , the congolese never seem to get a break . on the 7 th of december , tanzanian peacekeepers who were actually trying to keep the peace in congo s b ni territory were attacked . fifteen were killed , more than 50 wounded . then on christmas eve , the ugandan army started shelling b ni territory from across the border and ugandan attack aircraft crossed into congolese air space and started dropping bombs . is anyone on the side of the congolese now jean - claude maswana : the answer is no . the congolese people have never had anyone on their side . time to time , there have been some international organizations or ngos pretending to be on the congolese people s side but their support never lasts long . in the last 20 years , since rwanda and uganda invaded the congo , there have been no international institutions consistently on the congolese people s side . again , my answer will be a clear no . ag : not even the catholic church isn t it the second most powerful institution in congo , where more than half the population are catholic jcm : not even the catholic church even though it is congo s second most powerful institution and its most powerful non - state institution . in december 2016 when the catholic church played a key role in the so - called december 31 st agreement between kabila and the opposition , i didn t feel the catholic church was on the side of the people . if they were , they wouldn t have facilitated an agreement that was clearly against the country s constitution and the people s interests . ag : ok , let s step back and explain that . kabila s term was to have expired in december 2016 , but he didn t organize an election and he didn t step down . civil unrest broke out , and eventually this agreement mediated by the church was signed . what did that agreement say jcm : the agreement said that kabila could stay in power so long as he organized the elections in december 2017 . but back in december 2016 it was obvious that allowing kabila to stay beyond his constitutional term limits was a huge mistake . there was abundant evidence that he would never hold those elections in december 2017 . those of us who opposed the agreement thought that was obvious , but the catholic church didn t agree . ag : but then the catholic church did lead this march on new year s eve , right jcm : that could be seen as siding with the congolese people . nevertheless , to be honest , i don t personally think the church was really siding with the people as it should have then . i don t want to be seen as too critical of the church as they have made some efforts , and some of them were beaten by soldiers on the front lines of the new year s eve march , but the objective of that march was unclear . the church should have taken a clear stance and refused to accept anything but kabila s departure from power . no more compromise should have been made after he once again failed to organize elections . the objective of the march was to pressure kabila to implement the december 31 st [ 31 , ] 2016 agreement , but he had already failed to do that . ag : the congolese army , the president s republican guard , and the military police are heavily armed against the unarmed population , so what could the catholic church possibly do but organize a nonviolent march jcm : a peaceful march doesn t change the situation on the ground . it doesn t change the balance of political or military power . the catholic church could bring about such a change if it stopped recognizing kabila s illegal and unconstitutional presidency as legitimate . this would change the political balance of power and hopefully lead the way to the negotiated creation of a transitional government until free and fair elections could be organized in a reasonable time frame . unfortunately , the church isn t even close to refusing to recognize kabila s legitimacy . so it s leaving the political balance of power untouched and kabila is happy with this outcome . ag : that s very interesting because you re saying that another kind of nonviolent protest that is possible . jcm : yes , there are other forms of nonviolent protests that are not being implemented by the opposition or the church . ag : ok , at this point , it looks like the european union , the us , all the nato powers , and china are happy with the chaos and the mayhem . they re not disturbed enough to do anything about it . russia doesn t seem to be very involved . and the un security council has never been willing to acknowledge rwanda or uganda s presence in the congo , which is a violation of national sovereignty that the un charter would oblige them to stop if they did . so it s really up to the congolese people , right there are no other significant players on the global chessboard who are willing to intervene on their behalf . jcm : yes , that s an accurate description of the situation as i see it . the congolese people are alone in their struggle against kabila . russia , china , all the other powerful international players , support kabila because they do have ongoing deals . there is an unspoken consensus of the powerful players for leaving the situation on the ground as it is . it s unfortunate but that s the sad fact . ag : so everyone s getting the resources that they want , and the congolese people continue to be murdered and massacred without any real intervention on their behalf . monusco , the un peacekeeping operation , just seems to manage the conflict at a cost of more than 1 billion annually , most of which is paid by the west . on december 7 , well - armed troops wearing congolese uniforms actually attacked tanzanian peacekeepers who were taking their mission seriously trying to protect the population and stop the aggressors in b ni territory in a clear warning that real peacekeepers would not be tolerated . jcm : exactly . my reading is that the very same interests behind the killing of two un experts earlier this year were behind the attacks on the tanzanian peacekeepers . these attacks on un experts and peacekeepers and kabila s unconstitutional grip on power are both part of the same movie by the same producer . the un security council issues toothless , knee - jerk calls for justice and democracy in response to these crimes and nothing is done . us ambassador to the un nikki halley went to see kabila and told him he s obliged to organize elections in december 2018 same time next year . ag : since you ve told me several times now that there are no great powers willing to intervene on behalf of the congolese , i looked back at the moment in congo s history when king leopold s enforcers were committing unspeakable atrocities to extract rubber and whatever other resources from the congo free state , which the berlin conference had given to him as his personal property in 1885 . there was so much international outrage that belgium finally took over , creating the belgian congo . that was no triumph over colonialism , but there was so much outrage about king leopold s brutality that the international community of the time finally reacted . is anything like that conceivable now jcm : i don t think so because the context is very different . leopold ii was more powerful than those who gave him the ownership of the congo free state . unlike king leopold the owner , kabila has been given an assignment . international interests have decided to outsource congolese resource extraction to him , and he is in turn allowed to grab his own share of the nation s wealth . kabila acts as the head of the local affiliate in a much larger multinational enterprise . so far as its executives are concerned , he and monusco are both doing a great job , fulfilling their de facto mandate . never mind what they say out loud in the un security council , on un web tV , or through un news . this multinational enterprise has consistently been at kabila s side ever since he took power on january 17 , 2001 , the day after his adoptive father s assassination . ag : so , basically , leopold really did own and control the congo free state as an individual , as a king , but kabila s just an apparatchik . jcm : yes , exactly . ag : ok , so any real outrage would have to go beyond the apparatchik to the multinational enterprise , and that s unlikely . jcm : yes , exactly . ag : early on you explained that the only real agency on behalf of the congolese people is in the hands of the congolese people , who would themselves have to stop recognizing kabila as the rightful president . is there anything that those of us in other parts of the world who are horrified by what continues to go on there can do to support them , even if we re far from the centers of power . jcm : first , just continue to do what you ve been doing : spreading information and raising the awareness of us citizens . the end goal could be to make the drc tragedy an issue at some electoral level . next , join and support the networks of those fighting the killing machine in drc . also , bring some international and different perspectives to the conflict to help us , the drc people , expand our understanding of the tragedy . most of the time , the most vulnerable and victimized in the drc tragedy have a limited or incorrect understanding of who is really behind it , especially of who is behind it from outside the drc . ag : the information question reminded me of something . just before the peaceful march on new year s eve , kabila had the internet and sms messaging switched off . has that been restored jcm : yes , the sms and internet is back , but even so , the control is in place . the monitoring system is in place ; they have the technology , provided by some companies that i m not going to name here . they have the technology in place and they re monitoring everything and , from time to time , randomly checking people s smart phones or other devices , or forcing people to open up their facebook or whatsapp accounts , for example . ag : high tech surveillance in a nation where less than 10 of the population have electricity at home but as many as 23 may own cell phones . jcm : yes . ag : to be continued jcm : indeed .
apparently , president trump wondered why as well , and yesterday he decided to cut all military aid ( 255 million per year ) to pakistan , the country that hid osama bin laden for years after 9 / 11 . the monetary aid was denied to the pakistan government in response to its ineffective action against terrorists and militants on its soil . the hindustan times the trump administration on friday announced the united states will deny pakistan military aid amounting to 255 million as it expects islamabad to take decisive action against terrorists and militants on its soil . the president has made clear that the united states expects pakistan to take decisive action against terrorists and militants on its soil , and that pakistan s actions in support of the south asia strategy will ultimately determine the trajectory of our relationship , including future security assistance . the administration continues to review pakistan s level of cooperation . the statement reflected and sealed the administration s complete disillusionment with pakistan , which had sought to brazenly disregard the explicit warnings issued by president donald trump personally and leading members of his cabinet , such as secretaries james mattis and rex tillerson . this could be the severest blow dealt to islamabad by this administration if it indeed decided to withhold it , said a leading us expert on pakistan , who did not want to be identified . there is more coming , the expert added .
we appreciate your help click here to donate cateGOries cateGOries select category 9 / 11 censored allen west cair nazis children donald trump enemywithin - america enemywithin - foreign halal slaughter islam and the jews islam in america islam in public schools islam nOt islamic britain islamization of the west islamObama islamomania jihad this just the facts laughing at islam military stories muslim animal abuse muslim hate hoaxes muslim invaders muslims against islam muslims vs muslims never hire a muslim persecution of christians pro - america muslims religion of hate say what uncategorized women
we appreciate your help click here to donate cateGOries cateGOries select category 9 / 11 censored allen west cair nazis children donald trump enemywithin - america enemywithin - foreign halal slaughter islam and the jews islam in america islam in public schools islam nOt islamic britain islamization of the west islamObama islamomania jihad this just the facts laughing at islam military stories muslim animal abuse muslim hate hoaxes muslim invaders muslims against islam muslims vs muslims never hire a muslim persecution of christians pro - america muslims religion of hate say what uncategorized women
the united states administration froze a 125 million grant to the united nations relief and works agency ( unrwa ) , the un s agency for palestinian refugees , which was supposed to be delivered on january 1 , 2018 , channel 10 news reported on friday , citing three western diplomats . inn palestinians condemned as blackmail on wednesday u . s . president donald trump s threat to withhold future aid payments over what he called the palestinians unwillingness to talk peace with israel . trump said the us pays the palestinians hundrEd Of miLLiOns Of dOLLars a year and get no appreciation or respect . they don t even want to negotiate a long overdue peace treaty with israel with the palestinians no longer willing to talk peace , why should we make any of these massive future payments to them the amount frozen is one - third of the annual funding the united states provides the organization , according to the report . the us is unrwa s single largest donor it donated 368 million to the agency in 2016 alone and a withdrawal of us support could deal a significant blow to its operations . the three diplomats , who asked to remain anonymous because of the political sensitivity of the issue , told channel 10 the grant had been frozen until the end of the reexamination of u . s . aid to the palestinians , which began in recent days . according to the diplomats , officials in the administration have informed un officials in the past two days that president donald trump is considering cutting this amount completely and could even increase the cut to 180 million , which would be half the total u . s . funding for unrwa . the cutting in the un funding to unrwa is a u . s . sanction against the organization , which has come under strong criticized from both the united states and israel , as well as against the palestinian arabs , in an attempt to pressure them to renew peace talks with israel . news of the freezing of the grant came as a meeting took place in the white house discussing the cutting of aid to the palestinian authority and to unrwa . the meeting followed trump s tweets earlier this week in which he expressed doubt over the usefulness of american aid to the palestinians , given their refusal to resume peace talks with israel . the united states is the largest single donor to unrwa , providing approximately a fourth of the organization s budget . for years , unrwa has been a target for criticism in light of hamas s activity in its educational institutions and the use of its facilities by palestinian arab terrorist organizations in gaza . unrwa was documented storing hamas rockets and weapons designed to kill israeli citizens in its schools , a fact which the unrwa chief admitted himself . in addition , the organization has actively taken part in inciting anti - semitic violence there are 56 muslim countries , many of them super wealthy , oil - rich arab gulf states , that can more than make up for what america no longer contributes . ( video below ) rELatEd stOriEs / VidEOs mOrE winning israeli intelligence source , dEBKafile , confirms the trump administration to cut off ties with the palestinians , which means no peace plan , no more financial aid hah palestinian official says trump s decision to cut off hundreds of millions of dollars in financial aid ( used for terrorism against israel ) will cause palestinian children to starve to death congress passes taylor force act , which strikes a major blow to palestinian terrorists pay to slay efforts using your tax dollars why do palestinians get more financial aid per capita than any other country on earth
we appreciate your help click here to donate cateGOries cateGOries select category 9 / 11 censored allen west cair nazis children donald trump enemywithin - america enemywithin - foreign halal slaughter islam and the jews islam in america islam in public schools islam nOt islamic britain islamization of the west islamObama islamomania jihad this just the facts laughing at islam military stories muslim animal abuse muslim hate hoaxes muslim invaders muslims against islam muslims vs muslims never hire a muslim persecution of christians pro - america muslims religion of hate say what uncategorized women
we appreciate your help click here to donate cateGOries cateGOries select category 9 / 11 censored allen west cair nazis children donald trump enemywithin - america enemywithin - foreign halal slaughter islam and the jews islam in america islam in public schools islam nOt islamic britain islamization of the west islamObama islamomania jihad this just the facts laughing at islam military stories muslim animal abuse muslim hate hoaxes muslim invaders muslims against islam muslims vs muslims never hire a muslim persecution of christians pro - america muslims religion of hate say what uncategorized women
it should have come as no surprise that the same rebels the us supported in its 2011 war against libya are now selling blacks into slavery at auction , said robin philpot , who pub
the massacre of the mine workers in august of 2012 was actually the catalyst for the decision that NUMSa made in the following year to break away from the all
why we must protect the world from the united states for oppressed nations and peoples of the world , the u . s . white supremacist , colonial / capitalist patriarchy is and remains the principle contradiction . fifty years ago , dr . martin luther king jr . stated the obvious : the united states was the greatest purveyor of violence in the world . he also said the public allowing this violence would lead to a kind of national spiritual death that would continue to make the u . s . state a danger to the world . that spiritual death has not quite happened completely . yet accepting the inevitability of violence and the necessity for waging war is now more deeply ingrained in the collective consciousness of individuals in the united states than it was 50 years ago when king warned of the deep malady of u . s . society . for most of the 21 st century , the united states has been at war . culturally , mass shootings , the wars on drugs and terror , violence and war as entertainment , livestreamed videos of horrendous police - executed murders as well as of a head of state being sodomized with a knife have resulted in what henry giroux refers to as a culture of cruelty . but the very fact that the authorities need to lie to the people with fairy tales of the responsibility to protect in order to give moral coverage for the waging of war is an acknowledgement that they understand that there is enough humanity left with the public that it would reject u . s . warmongering if it was only seen as advancing narrow national interests . it is this remaining moral core and the objective interests of the clear majority of the people to be in opposition to war that provides the foundation for reviving the modern anti - war movement . the authorities need to lie to the people with fairy tales of the responsibility to protect in order to give moral coverage for the waging of war . baltimore was the site of the rebellion in response to freddie gray s murder by the domestic military we refer to as the police . there , a couple of hundred activists convened january 12 to kick off a new campaign to close all u . s . foreign bases . this gathering is the result of a new coalition of forces both old and new to revive the u . s . anti - war movement . this conference comes on the heels of another meeting that took place just a few months ago in washington , d . c . , where some of the same forces came together to kick - off a campaign to divest from the war machine . strategically these efforts are designed to be the first steps toward building the confidence , institutional strength and programmatic focus of a new , reinvigorated , broad - based , anti - war , pro - peace and anti - imperialist movement in the united states . we are opposing the warmongering both corporate political parties have normalized . the difficulties and challenges of this endeavor are not lost on the various organizations , networks and coalitions that are part of these efforts . we all recognize that there are no shortcuts to the delicate reconstructing of our existing forces and the challenge of expanding those forces by bringing in new formations . the ideological and political differences that have surfaced among left and progressive forces around issues of war and imperialism make it more challenging . our common interests with other oppressed peoples , nations and states that find themselves in the cross - hairs of u . s . imperialism demands we stand as allies . but the imperative of expressing solidarity with the victims of u . s . warmongering must take precedence over our differences and should serve as a basis for building political unity . solidarity , however , is not enough for those of us in the black alliance for peace ( bap ) . we recognize its importance as a baseline principle for ( re ) - building a broad anti - war movement . our common interests with other oppressed peoples , nations and states that find themselves in the cross - hairs of u . s . imperialism demands we offer more than solidarity we must stand as allies . those of us building the black alliance for peace understand we cannot afford the comforting myths of u . s . benevolence that attempts to conceal the naked deployment of u . s . state power in service of western capitalist / colonialist interests . and so , we view with suspicion , if not treat with disdain , our comrades who support u . s . interventions , even when they frame that support with leftist justifications . for oppressed nations and peoples of the world , the u . s . white supremacist , colonial / capitalist patriarchy is and remains the principle contradiction . there must not be any nationalist sentimentality or equivocation on that position . we saw how the anti - war opposition that emerged during the bush years in opposition to lawless state - sanctioned violence , dissolved during the obama administration . liberals and major elements of the left objectively aligned themselves with the u . s . / eu / Nato axis of domination through their silence or outright support in the name of opposing authoritarian regimes . liberals and major elements of the left objectively aligned themselves with the u . s . / eu / Nato axis of domination through their silence or outright support in the name of opposing authoritarian regimes . the consequence of that class collaboration is the spectrum of war has today become a permanent feature of policy discourse . the obscene 80 billion increase in military spending that was supported by both parties and the corporate media reflects that collaboration and the corrosive impact of almost two decades of militarism on the politics and consciousness of the public . so , for bap , the historic task is clear . the people must be separated from the capitalist oligarchy and the nature of the state must be exposed . our politics must be clear and our rhetoric devoid of liberal ambiguities . we must expose the underlying capitalist - class interests that are masked by appeals to national interests and patriotism . the anti - war movement must advance a clear understanding of the economic and class interests that are at root of imperialist strategies and great power conflicts . we must assert without equivocation the position that we can t get rid of the scourge of war without getting rid of racism and capitalism and that the people should reject all calls to protect the national interests promoted by the ruling elites . we must say if the rulers want war , let them fight it themselves we can t get rid of the scourge of war without getting rid of racism and capitalism . the anti - war and anti - imperialist position must be seen as the highest expression of internationalism and global solidarity . activists in the united states must reject all efforts to pink - wash militarism and recognize their moral obligation as citizens of empire to oppose all u . s . military interventions . we must take the position that we will no longer allow chicken hawk politicians to send our sons and daughters off to other lands , where they become war criminals fighting other working - class and poor people who only want social justice , national sovereignty and self - determination for themselves . the permanent war agenda of the capitalist dictatorship must be met with permanent opposition from the working class and all oppressed people . the people must understand the link between the racialized justifications for making war abroad with the intensification of the war being waged against black and brown communities in the united states . we say to progressives that you can t pretend that you believe black lives matter in the united states and not be opposed to the assault on the humanity of palestinians , of yemenis , of the millions lost in the democratic republic of the congo , of the destruction of libya and of coups in honduras and destabilization in venezuela . reject the racist 21 st century version of the white man s burden with its absurd notion of humanitarian war and the responsibility to protect and understand that the real threat to world peace is the empire that we are all a part of . our task is clear : the anti - war position is not an add - on . it is a fundamental moral and political obligation for the citizens of empire . the world can no longer wait . ajamu baraka is the national organizer of the black alliance for peace and was the 2016 candidate for vice president on the green party ticket . he is an editor and contributing columnist for the black agenda report and contributing columnist for counterpunch . his latest publications include contributions to jackson rising : the struggle for economic democracy and self - determination in jackson , mississippi . he can be reached at : ajamubaraka . com
money laundering , real estate scams , grade fixing and more at a little rock hbcu the following is an investigative report by a long - time member of the black community in little rock who has close knowledge of the history and corruption of arkansas baptist college . this is a story of money laundering , sweet heart land deals , grade fixing , and fraud that includes not just some despicable small - time negroes acting like minstrels but african american and other clinton appointees that reach to the highest levels of big business in little rock ( oil , biotech , finance , department stores ) who have tried to use the abc foundation as a veil for their economic ambition as actual education is betrayed . moon ah run till day ketch am . an african proverb a college president throws all the books out of the library and replaces them with video games . an undergraduate is permitted to be the assistant registrar , and there is a grade fixing scandal . the executive of the dining hall orders too much food and always runs out of food ; it is known she has a catering business on the side . with no endowment , and living on an austerity budget where the light and telephone bills cannot be paid , a college gets exorbitant loans to purchase land and erect buildings . the buildings are not finally paid for , but construction is done with multiple businesses affiliated with campus administrators . land worth far less than it was paid for is purchased from members of the board of trustees . the college president who is fired is not the one who led the scandalous regime but the one trying to discover and clean up the mess . this is the perennial scandal at rkansas baptist college . in the last five years we have heard about conflicts between college presidents and boards of trustees at historically black colleges and universities ( hbcus ) : famu , alabama state , south carolina state , morgan state , delaware state , morehouse , and wilberforce . what spills out into the public is a difficult environment for professional administrators to do what is normatively termed their job because of the authoritarian behavior and overreach of board of trustees ( bots ) at hbcus . however , in most cases , the actual policy disputes or signs of violations of morality in public affairs never surface from these controversies . we have not been able to understand what is happening at our hbcus , because the elite that runs them , even when they quarrel among themselves , believe they cannot trust ordinary black people , the teachers , campus workers , students , and neighbors , to organize themselves and lead their own community institutions . they do not open the books , the accounting or financial records , for public discussion so we can discern the truth for ourselves about austerity crises . many of us believe it is a tragedy though when our professionals who mean well cannot assist in cultivating the popular will toward a greater self - reliance . perhaps we need to move on toward a disposition that the professional classes , as a whole , need to be abolished as the embodiment of culture and governance in our community . recently , the administration of dr . joseph l . jones resigned or was fired at arkansas baptist college ( abc ) . jones held his position for a little more than a year . the board of trustees ( bot ) submits jones was terminated for lack of transparency and loss of confidence in his leadership . yet , a recent visit by the college s accrediting body , the higher learning commission ( hlc ) , suggests by most professional standards , jones s administration was performing satisfactorily . they were pleased by its honesty and accountability under the adversity of having to govern the school under an austerity budget and heightened cash monitoring in contrast to the previous administration led by dr . fitz hill . a petition on change . org signed by horrace zulu maddox , a little rock community member , and over 40 others , calls for the removal of dr . fitz hill , the college president preceding dr . jones , from the arkansas state board of education . signing this petition could be a crucial aspect of turning the tide in little rock . dr . hill was appointed by governor asa hutchinson to observe the financial and educational standards of schools . maddox made clear that despite hearsay in the community about dr . hill s desire to run for mayor of little rock in the future , dr . hill was not a success as leader of abc , as his cohorts in the church and business community claim . hill s so - called kingdom transformation dr . fitz hill was the president of abc from 2006 to 2016 . in recent times , the average president of an hbcu across the country is permitted to stay on for one to three years . one statistic suggests in the last five years , a black college president is fired every 23 days , often by an overwhelmingly black board of trustees . are black college administrators an oppressed class of people probably not . but they are submitted to abuse far beyond the standard professionals in their position know at other institutions . how could dr . hill , a college president the last ten years , who was thereafter appointed to lead the arkansas baptist college foundation , and recently added as a member of an emergency management committee of the bot , be permitted to oversee jones s administration if he in fact bankrupted the college and replaced the library s books with video games under dr . hill s leadership , he disregarded historical archives and threw all the books out of the college library , though some were damaged , and replaced them with video games . he permitted an assistant registrar to be an undergraduate who fixed and falsified grades . dr . hill also bankrupted the college by taking exorbitant loans , including a 30 million hbcu debt consolidation loan . it is a federal felony to attain these loans by falsifying information . given the lack of financial viability of the institution , what lengths did hill go to attain the loan , and what was the interest of the lenders given abc had no endowment or assets this gives us some indication of hill s wisdom as an educator and the bot s capacity to ethically oversee education for black people . the bot , presently led by dr . kenneth harris and bill walker , widely known in little rock for financial impropriety as a former public servant , have put it out in public that dr . jones s administration was terminated when it was revealed they did not pay withholding taxes for a few months . if this is true , research shows that for a far longer period dr . hill s administration in the past did not pay these same taxes , and harris was on the abc bot then as well . further , the bot acknowledges that dr . hill currently presides over an abc non - profit foundation that does not have a 501 c3 status , as the maddox petition highlighted . dr . harris erroneously explains there has been a delay in registering their foundation because of a shifting approach of the bot to the engagement of new market tax credits . while a change in focus of said foundation may be the case , that does not prevent foundation officials from filing the appropriate paperwork to keep the federal non - profit status current . we need to understand what is behind the bot s concern with new market tax credits and not properly registering the college s fundraising arm . apparently , the bot enables excessive financial and other mismanagement of some people while quarreling with others whose mistakes are minimal in comparison . the lapsing of abc non - profit foundation 501 c3 status dates back to 2013 , three years before dr . hill steps down as the president . and the suspected creation of a new shadowy foundation points to a trail of abuses that lead to criminal ties with big business in little rock . evidence suggests that another non - profit foundation was being created by dr . hill and his friends as early as 2015 . the terms of dr . jones s employment beginning in 2016 included that dr . hill would assume the role of president of the abc foundation and be primarily responsible for fundraising to pay back the 30 million debt consolidation loan taken out by hill in 2014 . yet as of december 2017 , dr . harris , the chairman of the bot , acknowledges that the college foundation has no legal status as mentioned previously , though harris has been part of bot meetings where it has been noted that the foundation exists - with prominent members on its board - and this group was approved by the college bot in the last meeting before dr . jones was hired . big donors and divine dollars hill s president s decade report , kingdom transformation : a decade of service and divine moments in the midst of challenges , lists the following big donors : first security bank new market tax credits ( john rutledge ) scott ford bear state foundation massey family charitable foundation , inc ( rick massey ) coulson foundation ( mike and beth coulson ) stephen s inc . ( warren stephens ) griffith group llc / baton rouge foundation ( barry and andrea griffith ) carl and witt stephens charitable foundation win rockefeller foundation dillards inc . ( william dillard inc . ) these big names in department stores , biotech , oil , and finance leave out various smaller divine dollar donations from baptist church affiliated groups and individual citizens . dr . harris , in a recent public statement , explains that there has been a transition in how the bot sees the uses of a non - profit foundation . harris acknowledges that abc previously conceived of their foundation as facilitating new market tax credits . new market tax credits and empowerment zones experienced observers understand these tax credits are consistent with what used to be called empowerment zones . such were never meant to be empowering to the black working class and unemployed . but hustlers such as hill , whose brand , was the aspiration to put the neighbor back in the hood latched onto them . hill grew up as jim crow was coming to a close . but rather than dream of fighting the klan and police , he chose instead to identify with the grocery store owner , with the captive market under segregation , as the embodiment of black autonomy and unity in the community . hill speaks in a way that romaticizes jim crow , of the need to promote black business , corporate reinvestment , and overcoming government neglect around the historic community that houses abc and philander smith college , another small hbcu a few blocks down the way . either people like hill are very smart or very stupid . corner grocery store owners are not multi - national corporations , big businesses are not black businesses . government intervention in our communities to promote capital accumulation is not black people forming their own government or finding their self - reliance . hill and the bot represent a backward traditional notion which holds that black individual private accumulation of wealth is somehow a cooperative project . the promotion of new market tax credits or empowerment zones creates incentives for private capital to invest in decaying low income neighborhoods so they might reinvigorate their business districts and raise real estate values . this paves the way for the state , major capitalists , and negroes of the uncle ruckus variety to collude and cash in . the african bean company and other mysterious entities in february 2014 , hill s administration responded to the hlc ( and their hired special investigators egp led by jo spencer ) who were seeking missing financial records from 2010 - 2015 . multiple anonymous complaints to the hlc flagged that monies collected by the abc foundation did not go toward the college s development . a cluster of overlapping companies was investigated that had some relationship with the abc foundation before 2013 when its paperwork began not to be kept up . these included : buffalo development llc , turner development llc ( robert turner ) , african bean company ( dr . hill s company with the same initials as arkansas baptist college good for depositing checks written to abc ) , billy jones consulting . egp was not able to get appropriate records for these overlapping companies , payroll records , and employee job descriptions . abc s college mascot is the buffalo . dr . hill in no way identifies as an african in any honorable way . under these organizational premises while arkansas baptist college could not pay its light bills , dr . hill and associates took out loans to build two modest buildings ( one never fully paid for ) and purchase large empty lots around the college . most prominently hill purchased an antiquated hand carwash and prominently displayed the college s name on that lot he has bragged this was a contribution to fighting crime and drugs it is notable that a prominent african american , judge wendell griffin , who is critical of police brutality , supports the idea of black lives matter , and whom used to be on the abc bot , moved that hill be fired for criminal activities . the judge was outvoted and resigned in disgust . what did dr . jones s administration step into dr . jones , it was hoped by the bot , as a young first - time college president , would be inexperienced enough to not understand , enable , or be made the scapegoat for the long trail of abuses hill and the bot created before his arrival . this is not to suggest dr . jones did all he could to draw the line as an anti - corruption president , in the public arena , between his administration and the previous hill regime . he actually adhered too much to normative professionalism and protocols , and this led to his demise . a reconsideration of how professional we wish our hbcus to be is necessary , as many undoubtedly wish to take pride in them . dr . jones , early in his administration , found many operational peculiarities that he tried to fix . he uncovered a grade fixing scandal with an undergraduate student as the assistant registrar . football coaches collected ticket and concession revenues and took them to their homes as opposed to the chief financial officer and / or business office representative immediately following the game . overspending and inventory irregularities persisted by the executive director of the dining hall , who is known to have her own catering business , and campus security issues remained prevalent on the campus , including repeated gun and domestic violence incidences . dr . jones came into conflict with the bot regarding the mission of the school . accusing dr . jones of changing the abc mission , what the bot really meant was hill and the bot actually re - branded the college as a place for low - performing , low - income pariahs to come and be rehabilitated i . e . a half - way of sorts for sub - standard football players . the bot repeatedly attested that young black men could not attain a standard liberal arts education . they dishonestly equated cultural criticism of standardized tests with the idea that young black men cannot achieve or learn by any measure recognizable by black history . furthermore , hill and the bot were never serious about developing reading , writing , research , and public speaking . they assumed the descendants of slaves , found at hbcus , could never express themselves vibrantly . how did richard wright , zora neale hurston , ida b wells , ralph ellison , paul robeson , toni morrison , james baldwin , langston hughes , and alice walker figure this out dr . hill left dr . jones with a student body that he recruited in detroit and chicago by essentially welcoming all to get on the bus . the previous administration , who struggled to process financial aid forms themselves , accumulated many students who had minimal basic skills . dr . jones , who grew up in los angeles , welcomed students who might not be prepared for college as he initially was not . but he insisted when students come to college , they need not only see themselves but be exposed to peoples and cultures that are new to them . hbcus needed to provide a sense of wonder and possibility . dr . jones also tried to internationalize the education at abc . he affiliated the college with the american council on education and created an international studies awareness week . he was struggling to attract faculty rooted in traditions which have deep awareness of african and caribbean history and that questioned empire . reportedly , some students experienced some innovative programs that allowed them to discuss comparative religion , migrant workers , the haitian revolution , the music of trinidad and jamaica , nkrumah s ghana , selassie s ethiopia , and the experience of blacks in montreal , canada . students were also encouraged , for the first time in years , to study abroad and consider studying foreign languages . there was also talk about getting involved in caribbean disaster relief , which reinvigorated abc s few international students , and the promise of recruiting more to the campus . dr . jones was not fired because he threatened a system of hustles in the dining hall , tried to rein in the patronage schemes of abc s losing football program , ended grade fixing or put books back in the library and tried to get black students to study abroad and care about the african world . dr . jones s real crime , was his that administration s accounting practices were so transparent , despite having to afro - engineer bills left by hill , that the masterminds behind hill feared he would uncover how arkansas baptist college was seemingly being used by arkansas politicians , big business , and financial elites even as they made donations that the college rarely benefited . if such a cast of prosperous characters could have paid all the college s debts and started a proper endowment , and they cared so much about black education , why did they not do so the shadowy foundation that does not exist arkansas baptist college , under the bot and hill has perhaps more value as a pawn for money laundering and sweet heart real estate deals , than it has as one with informed students , dynamic teachers , and ethical administrators who don t seek to enrich themselves . the shadowy non - profit college foundation , with a now 4 - year long lapsed 501 ( c ) 3 status , could be central to uncovering the greatest scandals of them all . dr . fitz hill assumed the presidency of the college s foundation at the same time of dr . jones s appointment as the president of the college , september 1 , 2016 . some who most likely helped hill organize this opaque entity before hill left his post as the college president , were former abc board chair beth coulson of coulson oil , who was also a judge appointed by bill clinton ( whose foundation is currently under scrutiny ) , and former bot member bob childress , a prominent cpa in little rock , also a clinton appointee . anonymous sources relay that coulson and childress were in conversation with other figures in the foundation machination . regina favors , a former blue cross blue shield executive and clinton appointee and a former chair of the abc bot , barry griffith , and bill dilliard iii were part of this dialogue . whit penick , senior Vp of first security bank , the college s primary capital projects and short term lender , like favors and griffith , was approved by the abc bot to be on the foundation board shrouded in mystery . given their professional track record and expertise , and the board members fiduciary responsibility , how is it that hill was allowed to head an entity that not only failed to maintain its tax exempt status , but it is still revoked currently does the college foundation that has a public track record , albeit operationally flawed , act as a front organization for another how could donors give to a foundation with no tax - free status and receive their write - off are they in fact giving to another unknown entity were hill and board members reaping personal benefits in some way the obscuring of sources of money , either intentionally or by not tracking sources or destinations properly happened at the height of dr . hill s regime , where obviously the lack of 501 ( c ) 3 status implicates not only hill and the foundation board , but also donors to the foundation and the college s bot since the foundation board reports to the college bot . also noteworthy is most anti - money laundering laws are concerned with the source of funds and the ethics of what is being financed or the destination of funds . dr . hill made many land purchases in the name of the college from 2006 - 2016 , most of which , as public records confirm , had no value corresponding to what he paid for them . all of these deals were done while the college consistently could not pay its light and phone bills . under hill , abc made land deals with the massey family which is also his primary benefactor and is thought to be a major spirit animating the invisible foundation . richard n . massey is the former college bot treasurer . another land transaction , with right development llc , is the company of attorney richard l mays , a longtime member of abc s bot , who was appointed by bill clinton to the arkansas supreme court and has served on the arkansas ethics commission . one of the largest land purchases under hill s tenure was from abraham carpenter sr . , an african american produce supplier to wal - mart and kroger . a five - year loan was floated by summit bank . drew harper , at the time executive vice president of summit , was on abc s bot . considered unethical because it is not in the best interest of the larger community of stakeholders , a sweet heart deal is one where one party in a business transaction is presented with very attractive terms and conditions . whether we read these land purchases under hill as sweet or not , clear conflicts of interest exist between board members and the college s president . whomever accumulates wealth from such transactions , and knows that the college cannot pay its bills except by acquiring more debt , is acting unethically . during the jones administration the bot insisted that all purchases over 5 , 000 would have to be approved by them . the bot is required to keep publicly accessible minutes for all their meetings by law . where is the documentation of the bot s approval of numerous land purchases at values of 10 , 000 to 285 , 000 under dr . hill from 2006 - 2016 it has not been in the interest of the arkansas baptist college community to bankrupt the school through exorbitant loans supposedly to pay its debts . in reality these loans have been used to accumulate private wealth in the name of community development . a suspenseful story to be sure , this may reveal that there is in fact , no community around our hbcus . there are of course over - lapping spaces : church - going folks who have a common history , young people searching for their identity and future , and those who advance themselves using decaying institutions and marginal people as their capital in a climate of hearsay and gossip . the black elite that run our hbcus , even when they quarrel among themselves , do not believe they can trust ordinary black people - the teachers , campus workers , students , and neighbors - to organize themselves and lead their own community institutions . whether stealing or not , they keep information from us that impedes community control ; black faces in high places is not black mass - democratic power . a dynamic self - governing community would educate themselves , with transparent information , and root out the criminals . the abolition of the professional classes , the minority that rules above us , as the embodiment of culture and government , is imperative . those with formal education can advise . but we should probably not trust such people unless they advocate free tuition ( not financial aid and debt ) for all students , and unless they wish no coveted position beyond our authority and limited means . moreover , our hbcu students , workers , and surrounding neighborhood need to organize themselves into popular responsibility councils and assemblies . we need not be invited to participate by anyone but must take the initiative to take over these campuses , the land , and resources . we need to choose our policies first , based on new values different than those held by these black elites , then organize ourselves . only after do we choose our own leaders . we should make hbcu leaders subject to instant recall when they are found to make a mockery out of the project of black self - reliance . this approach might clarify the scandals found at all hbcus not just at arkansas baptist college . attalah nasir can be contacted via email at [ email protected ]
if you love the children sayso march 2014
follow the below steps to view photos in one of the seven albums : 1 . click a picture from one of the seven photo galleries you desire to view . you will be taking inside that gallery to view its content . 2 . click on the thumbnail photo to see a larger size . 3 . navigate through the photo ' s using the right / left arrow or click the slideshow link to have the pictures automatically cycle though . 4 . once viewing is complete click the " x " to exit and return to the current gallery page . 5 . to get back to the main photo gallery , click the " albums ' link located above the pictures .
every college basketball fan knows all too well how prevalent upsets can be during any given week of this cantankerous and infinitely enjoyable sport . but this week it was a rough time for any program that had a number next to the name of their respective academic institutions . not only did four of the top 10 teams in the country lose this week , but three of those four supposed top tier programs lost twice simply put , last week was a bombshell of utter chaos and confusion as many perennial national title contenders sustained questionable losses and will have to rebound valiantly if they have any hope of garnering a favorable seed come march madness . while the highly anticipated tournament is still roughly two months away , this is the time where the truly great programs need to separate themselves from the overconfident pretenders that will inevitably continue to drop down the rankings into the dreaded basement of irrelevancy . 1 . villanova wildcats with an offense that both scores ( 87 . 9 ppg ) and moves the basketball effectively ( 17 . 6 apg ) , the wildcats have rarely been reliant on their average defense to help them overcome most of the opponents they have faced in the big east . although no team is safe at the top of the rankings , the wildcats have been merciless when it comes to out scoring their opponents early and are not showing any signs of slowing down in that department . 2 . virginia cavaliers you know that story . the cavaliers are fantastic on defense and play well enough offensively to score aggressively in transition and underneath the basket in half - court situations . if the cavaliers can take out the highly prolific blue devils this week , they will have emphatically proved that a top - ranked defense is more than enough to win consistently and to potentially go far in the ncaa tournament . 3 . purdue boilermakers the only bad thing you can say about the boilermakers is that they have not played a ranked opponent since defeating louisville earlier in the season ( november 28 th ) . with that being said , purdue has done exactly what an elite program is supposed to do : they have almost always handily defeated the unranked opposition they have encountered . with michigan coming into town for a revenge contest , the boilermakers will get another opportunity to prove that they should rightfully be considered one of the best programs in the country . 4 . duke blue devils during their last four games , the duke blue devils have been playing well to fantastic defensively as they have held their opponents to 75 points or less during their four - game winning streak . granted , these impressive defensive showings came against pittsburgh twice , wake forest and miami , but at least duke has finally realized that if they can at least be average at preventing their opponents from scoring that they can be one of the best programs in the country down the stretch of the regular season . 5 . xavier musketeers overcoming seton hall in their latest victory thanks to some impressive shooting late in the game , the musketeers are once again vying for the top spot in the big east . although it would be wishful thinking for the top - ranked wildcats to slip up anytime soon , the musketeers have to be chomping at the bit to get revenge against the wildcats when they face each other again on february 17 th . 6 . kansas jayhawks although a close call win over baylor at home revealed some lingering issues with this programs inconsistency issues when scoring the basketball , their tenacity on the defensive end has been their saving grace in their last three wins . if the jayhawks can get an impressive win over oklahoma this week , they could create some much - desired separation between themselves and the rest of the big 12 . 7 . michigan state spartans although it s been a bumpy road for the spartans in their last four games ( 2 - 2 ) , there is not much doubt how great this team can be on offense and defense when they are firing on all cylinders ( 85 . 2 ppg , 63 . 7 papg ) . considering they do not face a ranked opponent until february 10 th ( purdue ) , the spartans should be able to work out their inconsistency issues without suffering too much in terms of sustaining upset defeats . 8 . cincinnati bearcats although the offense of the bearcats has been anything but productive for the most part , they have actually stepped up impressively in three of their last four games ( have scored 76 points or more in those affairs ) . defensively , the bearcats have been nothing short of terrific as they have not allowed an opponent to score more than 60 total points since december 21 st against cleveland state . 9 . north carolina tar heels holding three of their last four opponents to under 70 total points , the tar heels are beginning to establish themselves as something more than just a relentless shooting program . if the tar heels can consistently stifle opponents defensively while relentlessly shooting the ball at a high rate ( 82 . 7 ppg ) , they could quickly become one of the favorites to win it all by the end of the season . 10 . west virginia mountaineers despite losing two of their last three games , the mountaineers have remained true to their identity of playing dominant defense . however , their offense has come up short in their two recent losses to kansas and texas tech , something that can be fixed fairly easily considering four of their five starters are currently averaging double - digit points per game . 11 . arizona wildcats despite looking wildly inconsistent on offense and defense recently , the scrappy wildcats have been able to play well enough on either side of the court to win tight games down the stretch . in order for the wildcats to continue their winning ways , they will need their electric offense to step consistently if they hope to reach their potential of being considered national title contenders ( 82 . 2 ppg ) . 12 . gonzaga bulldogs against saint mary s , the bulldogs had a grand opportunity to assert themselves as a legitimately competitive program that could at least beat the one competitive opponent in their conference . unfortunately for gonzaga , they were unable to convert on enough possessions to beat a well - rounded saint mary s team that will likely hold onto the top spot in the west coast conference until these two programs face off again in mid - february . 13 . ohio state buckeyes undefeated in big 10 conference play ( 8 - 0 ) , the surprising and highly competitive buckeyes have ground out several impressive victories thanks to their now elite defense ( have held six of their last seven opponents to under 70 total points ) . although they may not have the dominant athletes like some of the perceived elite programs in college basketball , they have enough reliable shooters to assist a defense that is finally starting to hit its stride . 14 . auburn tigers aside from a devastating loss to alabama , the tigers have been a program that has continued to persevere despite being hit particularly hard by the fbi probe that resulted with two of their best players being suspended indefinitely . if they can continue to play the glass this effectively while converting their extra opportunities into points ( 85 . 3 ppg , 72 . 4 papg ) , they could win the sec outright by the end of the regular season . 15 . arizona state sun devils while the sun devils are clearly trending downward , they have been the fortunate beneficiaries of some immense chaos above them while winning enough close games to keep themselves relevant in the pac - 12 . eventually , though , the sun devils will be in danger of dropping out of the rankings if their gifted sharpshooters continue to fail when it comes to carrying this exciting albeit one - dimensional offense . 16 . oklahoma sooners even when superstar trae young scores 48 points in a game ( see the loss to oklahoma state ) , the sooners still do not have what it takes to win against lesser opponents . turning over the ball at an alarming rate of 14 times per game ( young contributes over five turnovers per game ) while allowing 81 . 6 ppg , the sooners are finally being punished for playing too loose with the basketball and are coming to the realization that you need more than an electric offense to win in a sport that is rife with parity and worthy competitors . 17 . texas tech red raiders without question , it was a tough week for some of the top - ranked teams in the big 12 . however , the red raiders arguably suffered the most as they have lost three of their last four games , with their last two losses coming against opponents that are currently in the basement of the big 12 standings ( texas , iowa state ) . while their defense has played enough , it has been their progressively worsening offense that has done them in during this tough stretch ( have not scored more than 75 in their last five games ) . 18 . wichita state shockers one of several top - ranked programs to lose twice last week , the once fearlessly competitive shockers dropped back - t0 - back games to unranked opponents for the first time since november 2015 . while the shockers have the prolific offense to bounce back , their lack of effort on the defensive end recently has to be rectified if they hope to reclaim the moniker of being one of the top programs in college basketball . 19 . saint mary s gaels with a thrilling win against their hated rivals in the gonzaga bulldogs on the road , the gaels have firmly taken hold of the top spot in the west coast conference and will likely hold onto that coveted spot for the remainder of the season . effective on both offense and defense ( 80 . 1 ppg , 65 . 9 papg ) , the gaels have the discipline and personnel to become a dark horse program once the ncaa tournament commences . 20 . tennessee volunteers with a 4 - 3 record in the sec , the volunteers are doing just enough to keep themselves near the top of their conference standings . although their finicky offense is a serious concern ( 77 . 7 ppg ) , the volunteers have been able to overcome their noticeable deficiencies by playing strong defense down the stretch of close games . 21 . clemson tigers while the unlikely success story of the tigers has begun to become less majestic and intriguing in their last four games ( 2 - 2 ) , they have nevertheless remained committed to grinding out tough victorious with an opportunistic defense that prides itself on preventing their opponents from making easy shots ( six bpg ) . it may not always be pretty , but the tigers have an established identity that has proven to be effective more often than not . 22 . michigan wolverines although michigan s anemic offense looked particularly dreadful in a 72 - 52 loss to nebraska last week , the physically imposing wolverines were able to overcome this brutal defeat by winning their other two games last week against both maryland and rutgers . while the wolverines have to establish some type of continuity as a shooting team if they hope to remain in the conversation as a big 10 title contender ( 74 . 5 ppg ) , their relentless defense should be able to carry them until they can establish a more dynamic and competitive presence offensively ( 62 . 5 papg ) . 23 . kansas state wildcats although the wildcats are not particularly dominant on either offense or defense , they are a team that knows how to play the big boys of their conference extremely tough ( won two of their last three games , all contests were against ranked opponents ) . if this team can continue to be tenacious when it comes to forcing turnovers ( eight spg ) they could find themselves being one of the top dogs in the incredibly competitive and deep big 12 conference . 24 . creighton blue jays considering how this season has transpired for the blue jays thus far , this program should have a place reserved in spots 23 - 25 of the rankings every other week . just when it appears that the blue jays are going cold shooting wise and lack a sufficient defense to be competitive , they somehow manage to rally and pull off an impressive win over a conference opponent . with the blue jays facing the deadly wildcats in a couple of weeks , it becomes fair to wonder if this team has the potential to become a sleeper contender if they can play great basketball consistently . 25 . rhode island rams over the past couple of weeks , the defensively scrappy rams have been flirting with a spot in the top - 25 and have sneaked their way in the rankings this week due to the immense amount of chaos above them . currently riding a 10 game winning streak , the rams may have just enough going for them defensively to remain highly competitive in the a - 10 conference ( 66 . 7 papg ) . view gallery
the high court has decided to let nationals senator matt canavan off this time , after he was able to produce a letter from his mum . . .
americans were stunned to discover that their government had shutdown this weekend , having been totally unaware that it had even been functioning in the first place . that thing was a government one confused american said on hearing the news . i thought that was a tV show or something . others said the shutdown didn t make any sense . i m not sure you can shutdown something that s not even functioning , a puzzled voter pointed out . hang on , are they going to start governing is that what this is about another questioned . asked how many people usually worked at the white house , a spokesperson said , about half . subscribe to the shovel . or follow us on facebook twitter instagram .
forests in southern australia are littered with the bodies of thousands of young flying foxes after a dangerous heat wave . sustained temperatures over 47 degrees celsius have created a hostile environment for the local megabats , especially those younger and more vulnerable . despite heroic efforts from volunteers , the death toll is rising . animal welfare groups have been fighting to save the lives of the remaining afflicted creatures , treating dehydration and exhaustion with subcutaneous fluids meant to cool down and rehydrate . a campaign entitled help save the wildlife and bushlands in campbelltown has shared devastating images of the corpses in an effort to raise environmental awareness . the group frequently posts information about the species importance within the local ecosystem . flying foxes are intelligent and remarkable , the group says . these unique animals help regenerate our forests and keep ecosystems healthy through pollination and seed dispersal . they don t use sonar - like smaller , insect - eating bats ; only their eyes and ears , like us . they see as well as a cat at night and are just about as smart . flying foxes are foresters keeping the ecosystem together . if we are to keep the remnants of our forests healthy , we need the flying foxes . the two are inseparable . volunteers have also been hosing down koalas to keep them hydrated . extreme high temperatures in three states have melted highway asphalt and sparked bushfires threatening more than just the wildlife . on saturday , approximately four hundred houses lost electricity with over fifty fires reported . raging fires destroyed several buildings on the outskirts of melbourne , australia s second - largest city and capital of the state of victoria . the world weather attribution team and colleagues from the university of new south wales attribute the record - breaking heat to climate change , prompting the australian bureau of meteorology to issue a special climate statement . moreover , the states of victoria and south australia have issued emergency weather warnings , advising rural populations to avoid exposure by seeking shelter away from the untamed blaze . fortunately , meteorologist predictions are able to give ample warning ahead of such conditions . emergency management commissioner craig lapsley recapitulated the destructive potential of dry summer weather combined with strong winds , telling a news conference : it s exactly what the forecast indicated . meanwhile , the battle to save the flying foxes continues . first responder cate ryan spoke to the press , depicting a grisly scene with piles of corpses and dying bats strewn across the ground . pictures on social media have gained much attention , sparking conversation and further evidencing the disastrous effects of recent abnormal weather patterns . as weather authorities maintain a watchful eye , reasonable predictions suggest similar incidents may become more frequent , with temperatures on the rise and heat records breaking every year . many animal welfare groups including the help save the wildlife and bushlands in campbelltown campaign continue to actively seek help in maintaining and supporting local wildlife . those interested are encouraged to help in any way possible . images of the young , winged survivors have been circulating across various online platforms , providing hope and motivation for such extensive communal efforts .
most people have , at some point in their lives , debated over the comparative intelligence of canines and felines . if you re particularly partial to one or the other , you likely have your opinion coming to the forefront of your thoughts . while many of us have personal biases resulting from preferences and experience , the scientific verdict is in , and it doesn t look good for cat - lovers . according to the findings of a team of international researchers , dogs are quantifiably smarter than cats . dogs possess on average twice the amount of neurons the brain cells responsible for information - processing than cats . neurons electrically - excitable cells process , receive , and transmit information through chemical and electrical signals . scientists concluded dogs higher neuron count results in significant advantages in information processing abilities , and considering the wide gap in neuron count averages , the two species have an ensuing and marked gap in intelligence . the study , conducted by researchers from six universities in the us , brazil , denmark and south africa , has been accepted for publication in the journal frontiers in neuroanatomy . suzana herculano - houzel , an associate professor of psychology and biological sciences , led and conducted the research in her lab at vanderbilt university . while researchers comparing animal species intelligence had been using the more limited method of comparing brain size , in 2005 , my lab developed a very simple , fast and inexpensive method to count cells in brains and brain parts , herculano - houzel said . the method requires flattened pieces of brain tissue to be homogenized in a pyrex tenbroeck tissue grinder and kept in solution to help to break down cell walls and release the cell nuclei . by turning brain matter into a soup - like substance , researchers were able to count the freed - up cell nuclei under a microscope . examining both species cerebral cortex the information - processing center , for laymen found cats brains to contain around 250 million neurons , while an average 15 - pound mixed - breed dog s brain contains 429 million neurons . it is fair to say , then , that dogs have about twice as many neurons as cats in their cerebral cortex , herculano - houzel said . and this implies that dogs have more cognitive capabilities than cats . analysis of a 64 - pound golden retriever yielded an even higher count of 627 million neurons , allowing for the inference that certain larger breeds of dogs may have even more pronounced processing advantages than the average two - fold difference between similarly - sized animals . the cognitive gap may seem clear to most after receiving this information , but don t expect cat - lovers to take this news lying down the love for one species over the other is less rooted in science and logic , and more in personal preference , so perhaps this study does little for the general debate over the superior domestic companion . while the results of this study may be a tough break cat - lovers , at least dog - lovers now have a scientifically - proven trump - card to pull out next time a rendition of this heated debate gets underway . either way , if your grandma is a cat - fanatic , you may want to break the news gently to her and expect her to come back with many examples to the contrary .
when the staff at the australian reptile park realized that a spider s egg sack was ready to burst , they hurried to grab their camera and set it up to capture all the nightmarish scene . and as a result , you ll see hundreds , if not over a thousand , baby spiders emerging from their egg sack and crawling out into the world . these spiders are deadly , and the resulting video will make put your gag reflex to the test . watch as the staff members of the reptile park film theses tiny , venomous , and extremely deadly funnel web spiders emerging into the world . the park harvests funnel web spiders venom to produce a life - saving anti - venom in the unfortunate case when someone is bitten by a dangerous spider . to get the venom from these tiny deadly creatures , the staff members must milk the funnel web spiders for their venom . to raise awareness and gross thousands of people out , the park filmed the birth of these funnel web spiders . and as you will see when you press play ( and you re going to press play because it is just too disturbing of a video to ignore ) , the staff member uses tweezers to rip open the spider egg sack and help the little ones out into the world . after filming the clip , they shared it on their facebook page where it quickly gained international attention . they wrote the following caption to accompany the video : baby funnel web spiders coming out of an egg sack is the stuff of some people s nightmares but we love them the park loves the spiders because they collect their venom to save lives in the case of a fatal spider bite . kane christensen works as the head of spiders at the australian reptile park . he spoke to the daily mail australia about the funnel web spiders and their use for their venom . the venom is used by biocsL , to manufacture anti - venom that saves spider bite victims , christensen said . the egg - hatching video only shows the tip of the iceberg , so to speak . the park has a dozen more spider eggs ready to go . i m a proud dad with all those babies , he said . the australian reptile park is the only place in the country of australia that supplies the venom that is needed to create anti - venom for the funnel web spiders bite . the process can be very difficult . male spiders do not produce venom until they are four - years - old . that means christensen and his team have to wait a lot and breeds lots of spiders over the years . christensen leads his specially trained team to milk more than 150 funnel web spiders every two weeks . they need to do it that often if they hope to produce enough venom to supply enough for the anti - venom . each egg would have an average of 100 spiders inside each one , but last week one gave us 175 little spiders , which was awesome . since the anti - venom has been produced , no fatalities have resulted from a bite of a funnel web spider . christensen and his team are doing profound work and saving lives .
in the youtube video below , you re going to see what can happen when you teach children how to use guns at a young age . although this little princess is only seven - years - old , she is out hunting deer with a gun that looks to be about twice her size . and now that the video has gone viral because her reaction to killing the animal was utterly priceless , this little girl is the talk of facebook . and the clip has been gotten more than 2 . 5 million hits on various video platforms . the little girl in the video is lilly klapper , and she lives in north texas . while out hunting for whitetail with her father and brother , lilly was ready to take her first shot at a living animal . her family trained her well during the last two years . she has done a lot of target practice and has been mentally preparing for the hunt . but nothing could have prepared her for the thRill of making a direct hit and taking down the deer . the girl s father , cory klapper , is a dedicated hunter . and he was the one to get the monumental moment on video . although the hunt happened back on november 28 , klapper finally got the footage onto facebook only this tuesday . and before he knew what was happening , his beloved daughter , lilly , had become a viral sensation and the talk of the internet . we have a passion for the outdoors , and it was primarily intended to be for family and friends , klapper told foX 4 . but now i hope that it inspires other parents to get their children into the outdoors . lilly is manning an aR - style rifle chambered in 300 blackouts bullets , her dad said . she is completely focused on killing the whitetail . shoot the big one in the middle if you can , her dad encourages the young girl . she listens to his advice and aims . then she prepares to pull the trigger . it takes two minutes before the shot presents itself , but when it does , she pulls the trigger , and everyone erupts into celebration . you got it , baby you got it her father cheers . the excitement takes a while to make sense to her . but when she realizes that she s killed her first deer , her mouth hangs open and turns into a big smile . people around the country shared their support to the hunting family . this is amazing that s a dad teaching some life skills right there wrote one facebook user . sUch a gREat dad i have never hunted and hated seeing the animals in africa hunted and all that , but this is so awesome what you did with your daughter , another added . you can see how proud she is of herself she is so focused and patient go dad one admirer added , we have become a nation of powder puffs . thank god for dads like you . am teaching my grandson to shoot . kids need this , as it teaches responsible behavior . and as a great hunter once said : a family that hunts together stays together . what s your reaction to the footage
tuesday brought an endless stream of new revelations in the mueller investigation of donald trump s alleged obstruction of justice and his campaign s alleged collusion with russian government operatives . witness interviews included even members of the president s most inner circle , as well as interviews of witnesses to the acts that to even the most untrained eye appear to constitute obstruction by the president . in the latest news of a string of witnesses to have been interviewed comes former cia director mike pompeo as well as former acting attorney general sally yates . the country watched with growing alarm as yates testified in front of the senate judiciary committee in may 2017 , but her cooperation in the mueller probe was kept under wraps until now . yates was the first to sound the alarm to donald trump s administration about the potential compromise they faced with michael flynn serving as a national security adviser . yates went to white house counsel don mcgahn on january 26 , 2017 to warn that the russian government had blackmail power over flynn , yet flynn was not fired until february 13 . in the nearly three weeks between yates warning and flynn s firings , mcgahn took the allegations that flynn may have even committed crimes seriously enough to begin researching those acts and their legal consequences . the white house turned over records this fall to special counsel robert mueller revealing that in the very first days of the trump presidency , don mcgahn researched federal law dealing both with lying to federal investigators and with violations of the logan act , a centuries - old federal law that prohibits private citizens from negotiating with foreign governments , according to three people with direct knowledge of the confidential government documents . while it may have taken nearly three weeks for flynn s crimes to be addressed by the white house by firing him , it only took five days for yates herself to be fired after warning mcgahn about flynn . all of these details are of special interest to robert mueller and his investigators , and flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the fBi upon being indicted for the crime . a second interview also provides insight into the direction of the mueller investigation . former cia director mike pompeo was both a peripheral witness to the firing of former fBi director james comey , who was pressured by trump to drop the investigation into michael flynn . pompeo himself was also leaned on by trump to pressure comey to drop the investigation , making him a key witness in the probe of trump s alleged obstruction of justice . flynn s tenure in the white house and his firing by trump are among the topics mueller s team has been asking witnesses to discuss , and they are likely to be part of any questioning of the president . separately , mueller is expected to want to ask trump about his firing of comey . the president told nBc news last year that his decision was connected to comey s dogged pursuit of potential ties between the trump campaign and russia . trump has repeatedly called the investigation a hoax and a witch - hunt . mueller is expected to begin laying the groundwork to question the president in the coming weeks . featured image via getty / the asahi shimbun
s the potemkin village walls of the left ' s ' trump collusion ' narrative crash and burn along with special counsel mueller ' s credibility , the new york post ' s michael goodwin sees far more wide - ranging problems ahead for america ' s ' intelligence ' agencies as the anti - trump ' secret society ' and lovers - texts - gate debacles threaten the core of the deep state . goodwin writes that , during the financial crisis , the federal government bailed out banks it declared too big to fail . fearing their bankruptcy might trigger economic armageddon , the feds propped them up with taxpayer cash . something similar is happening now at the fbi , with the washington wagons circling the agency to protect it from charges of corruption . this time , the appropriate tag line is too big to believe . yet each day brings credible reports suggesting there is a massive scandal involving the top ranks of america s premier law enforcement agency . the reports , which feature talk among agents of a secret society and suddenly missing text messages , point to the existence both of a cabal dedicated to defeating donald trump in 2016 and of a plan to let hillary clinton skate free in the classified email probe . if either one is true and i believe both probably are it would mean fbi leaders betrayed the nation by abusing their powers in a bid to pick the president . more support for this view involves the fbi s use of the russian dossier on trump that was paid for by the clinton campaign and the democratic national committee . it is almost certain that the fbi used the dossier to get fisa court warrants to spy on trump associates , meaning it used the opposition research of the party in power to convince a court to let it spy on the candidate of the other party likely without telling the court of the dossier s political link . even worse , there is growing reason to believe someone in president barack obama s administration turned over classified information about trump to the clinton campaign . as one former federal prosecutor put it , it doesn t get worse than that . that prosecutor , joseph digenova , believes trump was correct when he claimed obama aides wiretapped his phones at trump tower . these and other elements combine to make a toxic brew that smells to high heaven , but most americans don t know much about it . mainstream media coverage has been sparse and dismissive and there s a blackout from the same democrats obsessed with russia , russia , russia . partisan motives aside , it s as if a scandal of this magnitude is more than america can bear so let s pretend there s nothing to see and move along . but , thankfully the disgraceful episode won t be washed away , thanks to a handful of congressional republicans , led by california rep . devin nunes , chairman of the house s permanent select committee on intelligence . after he accused the fbi of stonewalling in turning over records , the bureau relented , at least partially . the result was clear evidence of bias against trump by officials charged with investigating him and clinton . those same agents appear to have acted on that bias to tilt the election to clinton . in one text message , an agent suggests that attorney general loretta lynch knew while the investigation was still going on that the fbi would not recommend charges against clinton . how could she know unless the fix was in all roads in the explosive developments lead to james comey , whose boy scout image belied a sinister belief that he , like his infamous predecessor j . edgar hoover , was above the law . it is why i named him j . edgar comey last year and wrote that he was adept at using innuendo and leaks to let everybody in washington know they could be the next to be investigated . it was in the office of comey s top deputy , andrew mccabe , where agents discussed an insurance policy in the event that trump won . reports indicated that the russia - collusion probe was that insurance policy . the text was from peter strzok , the top investigator on the trump case , and was sent to lisa page , an fbi lawyer and also his mistress . i want to believe the path you threw out for consideration in andy s office that there s no way he gets elected but i m afraid we can t take that risk . it s like an insurance policy in the unlikely event you die before you re 40 . . . strzok wrote . it is frightening that strzok , who called trump an idiot , was the lead investigator on both the clinton and trump cases . after these messages surfaced , special counsel robert mueller removed strzok and page from his probe , though both still work at the fbi . strzok , despite his talk of an insurance policy in 2016 , wrote in may of 2017 that he was skeptical mueller s probe would find anything on trump because there s no big there there . talk about irony . while dems and the left - wing media already found trump guilty of collusion before mueller was appointed , the real scandal might be the conduct of the probers themselves . suspicions are hardly allayed by the fact that the fbi says it can t find five months of messages between strzok and page , who exchanged an estimated 50 , 000 messages overall . the missing period dec . 14 , 2016 through may 17 , 2017 was a crucial time in washington . there were numerous leaks of classified material just before and after trump s inauguration on jan . 20 . and the president fired comey last may 9 , provoking an intense lobbying effort for a special counsel , which led to mueller s appointment on may 19 . jeff sessions , the attorney general , has emerged from his hidey hole to notice that the fbi has run amok , and said monday he would leave no stone unturned to find the five months of missing texts . fine , but the house is racing ahead of him . nunes has prepared a four - page memo , based on classified material that purportedly lays out what the fbi and others did to corrupt the election . a movement to release the memo is gaining steam , but congress says it might take weeks . why wait americans can handle the truth , no matter how big it is .
donald trump marked his first year in office this weekend , saying it was the longest first year of any president ever , and much longer than hillary clinton s first year would have been . in a tweet to followers , trump said his first year was huge . just celebrated my first year the longest first year ever . it had some of the longest days we ve ever seen . very big . trump said clinton s first year as president would have been tiny . under crooked hillary america never would have had a year this long . so small . subscribe to the shovel . or follow us on facebook twitter instagram .
a brisbane woman who rang centrelink to enquire about a youth allowance 38 years ago has finally had her phone call answered and is now eligible for the aged person . akshuali broke , now aged 60 , says she is overjoyed with the news that she s eligible to apply for the 888 a fortnight aged pension , instead of the 538 payments she would have received on newstart when she started her call almost four decades ago . that s more than 30 over the poverty line , so i guess you could say that spending the remainder of my youth navigating phone prompts in search of centrelink s five remaining staff members has finally paid off , ms broke said . while ms broke admits being on the phone during critical life events including her children s births and graduations was frustrating , she says the soothing tones of mozart s divertimento in f major have helped her through many of life s trials . if nothing else , this experience has taught me that there s nothing a continuous loop of one classical song and 23 years of waiting can t fix , she says . when asked why she didn t just hang up the phone and get a job , ms broke replied , oh , but the back pay think of the back pay there are concerns , however , about whether ms broke will see any money within her lifetime , as the centrelink staffer who took her call said that now she was eligible for the aged pension , she would have to dial another number to lodge a new claim . __________________ by vivienne mitchell subscribe to the shovel . or follow us on facebook twitter instagram .
ever wonder what s on the mind of today s most notable people well , don t miss our unbelievable roundup of the best and most talked about quotes of the day :
the archbishop of canterbury , justin welby , who is a known muslim sympathizer , uses his christmas address to lash out against tyrannical and populist world leaders in a christmas message seen as a thinly disguised rebuke against us president donald trump . in november , he said , i really , genuinely do not understand christian support for trump with a very slight sneer of theo - political superiority , which isn t at all uncommon among the bishops of the church of england : breitbart justin welby was preaching at canterbury cathedral at the same time as pope francis made oblique criticism of trump in his traditional christmas address in st peter s square in vatican city , ( comparing mary and joseph to the muslim freeloaders , rapists , and jihadists pretending to be refugees invading europe ) the pontiff made particular reference to the situation in the middle east just two weeks after the us president inflamed tensions in the region by controversially recognizing jerusalem as the capital of israel . in canterbury , welby told worshippers that much could be learnt from the nativity story , where jesus is power seen in humility . it wasn t long ago that this archbishop warned against developing a culture of fear towards muslims in britain and said the proportion of muslims in britain who are radicalized remained extraordinarily small . uk - dhimmi - archbishop - of - canterbury - says - there - is - too - much - hysteria - over - islamization - and - muslim - radicalization the bishop of liverpool , paul bayes , also attacks christians who support president donald trump and a system which builds walls instead of bridges . breitbart paul bayes , a senior figure in the church of england , also appeared to argue that backing rightwing populism could be incompatible with biblical teaching . he said he regretted that people who call themselves evangelical in the us seem to be uncritically accepting positions taken by trump and his allies . his intervention comes just days after the archbishop of canterbury , who leads the church , used his christmas address to target so - called tyrannical and populist world leaders widely perceived as a dig at mr . trump . adding to the politicised onslaught , mr . bayes told the british left - wing guardian newspaper : some of the things that have been said by religious leaders seem to collude with a system that marginalises the poor , a system which builds walls instead of bridges , a system which says people on the margins of society should be excluded , a system which says we re not welcoming people any more into our country . bayes ( below ) even slammed trump / brexit voters who bow the knee to hate by tweeting this nauseatingly fake amazon commercial featuring a muslim imam and a catholic priest , trying to make you think that muslims and christians in real life are bffs . not all the archbishops agreed with this tweet : i guess these archbishops wouldn t approve of what trump had to say about christian vs muslim refugees coming into the u . s .
the war has begun : the media just attacked trump , so he bLastED back with his secret weapon the media has officially declared war on trump . they are specifically going after him and are targeting him based on his disdain for the media . out . . .
louis burke culture contact a 17 - year study has concluded that the removal a song lyric regarding a fictional character bringing a fake gun to school in the song teenage dirtbag by wheatus has , unfortunately , done nothing to end gun violence in the usa . the lyric in question references a boyfriend who is stated to be a dick and brings a gun to school , the latter lyric being edited out of the radio , tV and streaming edit as a clever way to end gun violence without actually doing anything to end gun violence . former president and escaped jim henson puppet , george w . bush stated this finding is particularly disappointing as they were waiting for the results of this study to come back before doing anything to stop gun violence in the usa . if replacing a lyric about a make believe gun with a fake record scratch has not managed to stop people from getting access to guns then i m not sure what else we can do to stop the killing of innocent americans . many americans are upset to discover that censoring a lyric from a song featured on the soundtrack of the 2000 jason biggs film , loser , did not have the groundbreaking impact on the us gun epidemic everyone was hoping for . in the centre of this party of disappointed americans is none other than lead singer of wheatus , brendan b . brown , who hoped the censorship of his biggest hit would at least do something to decrease ease of access to firearms in america . at least there haven t been as many shootings in high schools now . sure , 13 , 286 americans were killed by guns in 2015 alone , but not as many in high schools . there were way more in colleges , shopping centres , nightclubs , workplaces , cinemas and concerts than there were in high schools so let s not treat this as a complete failure . one additional finding of the study suggests that lyrical content does not necessarily have a direct effect on behaviour , something lead singer of iron maiden , bruce dickinson , will happily attest to . we didn t see any sort of increase in ticket sales from the release of that song . no increase of teenage dirtbags at our shows , just the usual middle - aged dirtbags who only ever wear our t - shirts . for citizens of the usa this comes as another critical blow to their abusive relationship with an amendment written at a point in time where someone could simply take over your farm by killing you . president donald trump says no action will be taken until they see the findings of the washington bullets becoming the washington wizards study and someone is able to explain them to him on a fox news morning show .
tracey bendinger social nuances contact a local girl has today committed an act that has become the norm amongst male and female social media users . aliesha handley - smith ( 26 ) took a screenshot of kate simpson s latest instagram post and sent it directly to her all female group chat . omg , kate s latest insta accompanied the photo . the photo in question is one that see s kate , instagram name keepingupwithkate , kneeling in front of a mirror with a concave arch in her spine , a technique employed by a number influencers that gives the illusion of a fuller , more peach - like butt . can she get a grip one member replied . omg what does her boyfriend think about this questioned another . k e e n / / f o r / / p e a c h wtf i literally can t deal another shot back . one group member , who wished to remain anonymous , is referring to the caption that kate uploaded with her photo , which the advocate understands is a double entendre that is essentially a sexual proposition to her followers . sources have told the advocate that the entire group chat have since liked kate s photo on instagram and commented on it , the comments ranging from yaass girl , [ fire emoji ] [ peach emoji ] to omg , slay some members even tagged kate s boyfriend . the advocate reached out to social media expert and behavioural psychologist , dr . christopher walking , to see why this two - faced trend exists . well , it s simple really . these girls just haven t matured yet . another factor worth acknowledging is that the majority of these girls are gemini s , who are notorious for this kind of behaviour the world is definitely a more complicated place now , all we can advise is keep your friends close , and your frenemies closer . more to come .
wendell hussey cadet contact every public holiday anton brooks is caught between two stools . one stool is making double the amount he normally does for doing half the work he normally does . the other stool is indulging himself in some mass produced sausages on high carb white bread while enjoying a few drinks of choice with his friends . every year i spend the month leading up to a public holiday telling myself that it s smart to lock myself away in the confines of employment at the hardware store i work at ( jims bits n bobs ) , he told the advocate today . and then the day rolls around . everyone in my share house starts getting excited . they wake up in the morning and are bubbling with joy at the chance to have a free day to consume as much drugs and / or alcohol as they want , and i start to feel very sad he said . brooks told us that as he gets dressed and heads out the door he starts to really feel like it would have been good to jump on the other stool . just for once it would be good . i have worked the last three aus and anzac days for fuck sake . it would be nice to just blow out one day . once i finish this degree that s going to in - debt me for the rest of my life and only improve my chances of career success and satisfaction marginally then i can enjoy myself on this public holidays . brooks house mate jack marshall told us he feels moderately sorry for the long term retail sufferer . poor fella comes home and wants to start winding things up just as everyone is settling down and calling it a day , he said
louis burke culture cONtact martin west feels as if he s dodged a bullet today . while listening to the hottest 100 at a neighbour s bbq , the hills district father of three acted fast and switched the radio off after the announcement of a language warning . signs from above come in all shapes and sizes man . this one came from the empowered but approachable voice of youth telling me i was about to hear bad words . despite the protests from his children and several other party goers , west was determined to keep the radio switched off until he guessed the song had finished . and i guessed the time pretty bang on but no one is talking about that . i bet you don t even report it . disgruntled partygoers later determined the song west skipped was in fact dNa by kendrick lamar , a song the artist himself has called a gospel song , a fact that has startled the usually conservative west . that s great there s more gospel out there but do we need to have all these swear words in it what s wrong with a good old fashion hymn while it s been years since he last listened to triple j , west feels like the music now is more profane than the music of his youth . it s a shame they feel the need to curse in order to sound cool . the only swear that should leave their lips is the name of our lord and saviour : jesus christ haha get it
clancy overell editor contact although royston saxon says that while he doesn t feel safe in his community anymore , he stills adamantly believes that a deported man with well known links to outlaw motorcycle gangs and a criminal record should be let back into the country . come on , he s dusty s dad for christ sake , he needs to be let back in he told our reporters . the richmond - raised saxon , who recently moved out to dandenong after property prices surged and he cashed in , told us that he can t take his family out for dinner anymore , citing gang violence as the primary concern . as soon as the sun goes down around here lock the doors fellas , said townsend , pretending like our reporters had just set foot in a sao paulo favella . i m not racist but , these african gangs have completed ruined this community , he said , looking out the window at a his favourite hotel , with 270 poker machines pinging through the suburban street . we asked townsend why he strongly held the belief that shane martin ( who had his visa cancelled by the immigration minister for the aforementioned reasons ) should be allowed to return to the country . okay , okay , taking my richmond hat of here for a second . the poor bloke , yes he was the leader of the rebels and all that , but he missed his son win a brownlow and premiership , surely that s punishment enough said townsend .
clancy overell editor contact former prime minister tony abbott has today requested that the media please do not undermine his politics by asking his youngest daughter , frances , what she thinks about having the national holiday on january 26 th . in a throwback to the gay marriage postal vote , where abbott s own daughter campaigned against his wishes to never allow gay people the right to get married abbott has requested that the media just stop asking her for her compassionate millennial female opinions on issues that could be quite simply resolved with a slight gesture . today s comments come as the former chaplaincy student appeared on 2 gb talkback this morning to argue that the events of january 26 , 1788 , were a good thing for aboriginal people .
clancy overell editor contact leader of the opposition , bill shorten has today made a bold attempt at winning over youth voters by posting his very first neknominate video just 46 months after the brief viral trend rose to prominence . it is not yet known which recent melbourne university law graduate working as an advisor and confidante of the labor - right identity was behind the idea , but it has caused collective groans right through his own party , and australia as a whole . the game became popular in early 2014 , and as it spread it escalated , with nominees performing the challenge in more extreme circumstances , drinking more potent beverages or engaging in dangerous activities either during or immediately after consuming their beverage . it was three years ago when bill shorten was was originally neknominated by sam dastyari , the labor - right darling at the time but due to his newfound position as leader of the alp , shorten thought all that was needed to be elected was a squeaky brand . however in the post - truth populist political climate , this is no longer the case . i next nominate you penny [ hahah ] said shorten in a monotone voice that made him sound as though he was reading quite slowly from a teleprompter . neknominate , also known as neck and nominate , neknomination or neck nomination , is an online drinking game . the original rules of the game require the participants to film themselves drinking a pint of an alcoholic beverage , usually beer , in one gulp and upload the footage to the web . a participant then nominates another person to do the same , which has to be done within 24 hours . it has been reported that shorten latched onto this idea after seeing former prime minister bob hawke managing to remain relevant at the sydney test last week , and demanded that his staffers find him a funny and relatable way to binge drink on camera . his video , posted to facebook last night has so far received 150 likes from mostly labor staffers and friends of his wife .
louis burke culture cONtact before beginning his private celebration of bbQ and beverages ( swordfish steak and vintage penfolds ) prime minister malcolm turnbull took a chance to address to the mounting controversy of australia day stating it is a non - issue . it s a day to recognise our history and celebrate together , just as the settlers and indigenous australians did when they first met on this most amazing day . with many citizens unconvinced by this response , turnbull took things a step further and urged anyone with problems regarding the date of australia day to take it up with opposition leader bill shorten . look , australia day is for all australians no matter how our stories began . but if you disagree you should know its entirely labor s fault . citing australia becoming a nationwide day of celebration and eventually a public holiday during the hawke and keating years , turnbull stated those against the date need to consider that australia day is the fault of politicians they were too young to have voted for . they sowed this seed back under whitlam . it s their fault amidst some activists calling his comments discriminative , turnbull was quick to remind them he can t be as he has a granddaughter with chinese heritage , something bill shorten certainly doesn t have . journalists from left - wing youth publications were quick to remind turnbull that while some fault does lie with left - leaning politicians from 25 years ago , he himself does have the power to change the date . if it s such a hot topic , i don t know , maybe we can have another plebiscite or something . the last one was such a success after all .
there comes a moment in every boy s life when everything around him sprouts luminescent tendrils , and those tendrils then snake firmly around his appendages and yank him away to a spectacular realm of otherness that cannot be adequately described by any human language . you are currently experiencing that moment . as you hurtle through the transcendental void , you become deeply worried that your wallet has fallen out somewhere along the space - time continuum , but you cannot pat your back pocket to check because you are unsure how to operate your hands , which now look and maneuver like alaskan king crabs . your voice is more or less identical to donkey kong s when he is distressed , and you continually find yourself grunt - screaming at the spirits of jordan - era NBa stars that keep gliding spookily near your face . in the distance , ormul appears in triplicate , and all three incarnations beckon you forth , making come - hither motions with their long forked tongues .
i am 18 or over and willing to view sexually explicit material yes no
during a heated discussion on footballers failing to realise their potential , ex - england international adam johnson singled out freddy adu , saying the former wonderkid peaked at 15 . in a rare interview , speaking exclusively to richard keys and andy gray , johnson said he followed the career of the player once dubbed the new pele early on , but admits he eventually just lost interest . johnson said via skype from hm prison moorland . he ticked all the right boxes for me . devoting a surprisingly large amount of his time discussing the teenage sensation s early years , he continued discussing adu s debut at 12 : in some ways he was just a kid back then but he certainly didn t look it . i thought he was at least 14 . he looked absolutely amazing , but inevitably went completely off the boil once he hit puberty , johnson lamented , isn t that always the way in a wide ranging interview , the former sunderland star also spoke of his old club s recent fortunes and england s chances at the world cup , but unfortunately left no time to discuss his present conviction for child molestation . as the interview came to a close both keys and gray expressed their dismay at johnson s current situation saying the football world has hung him out to dry and assured him there will be a job waiting for him with BeiN sports in qatar when he gets out . for the only honest football news site going , follow Bs football on facebook and twitter
( screenshot : facebook ) dr . melina abdullah , professor and chair of pan - african studies at california state university gets ready to summon the spiritual energy of victims of officer involved shootings at the hollywood united methodist church in hollywood , california , on thursday january 11 , 2018 . dr . melina abdullah , professor and chair of pan - african studies at california state university , recently conducted a libation ceremony inside the hollywood united methodist church to summon the spiritual energy of dead civil rights leaders and other blacks who died at the hands of police officers . author and christian scholar dr . hamilton ayuk argued on his blog that the pouring of libation to honor any spirit other than the god of the bible is contrary to scripture . speaking at the church where advocates had gathered to discuss their opposition to a 3 . 5 billion jail expansion plan in los angeles county along with the issue of mass incarceration , abdullah , who is one of the original organizers of the black lives matter movement , argued that because the issue of mass incarceration was also a spiritual struggle , it was important to conduct the libation ritual to summon the energy of those who had died in the struggle for civil rights . " this is not just a social justice , a racial justice , an economic justice struggle , " abdullah said . " this is also a spiritual struggle , so it ' s appropriate that we ' re here in this setting ( a church ) . and it ' s also important that we summon the right energy into this space no matter what faith you are . we have to understand what the struggle is about . " she continued : " making sure that jails don ' t expand is a first step . we don ' t want cages at all . our people don ' t belong in cages at all . and we understand that there is a direct relationship , our ancestors demand that we engage in this work because as an african person in this country we know we were brought over here as chattel and once they banned the slave plantations , many of those plantations were warped into prisons so they continue to enslave us . so this is ancestral and spiritual work that we must do . so we are going to pour libation in the names of our ancestors , in the names of those who struggle right now . " she then proceeded to pour what appeared to be bottled water as she summoned the energy of the dead while declaring " ashe . " " we summon those spirits that are still with us . we summon those people whose bodies have been stolen , but whose souls are still here , " she said . " we call on wakiesha wilson . we call on george jackson . . . eric garner . . . " " and all of those whose bodies have been stolen : we ask that you be with us . we ask that you work through us . we ask that we do righteous work on your behalf , " abdullah continued inside the church . " we call on martin luther king into this space . brother malcom [ x ] , we call you into this space . ashe . . . . nat turner , into this space . ashe . mother harriet tubman . ashe . we call you all into this space . we ask that you work through us . that you give us power ; that the creator give us power when we come together . this victory is assured . ashe . ashe . ashe , " she ended . the practice of libation is a common practice in some african - american churches like unity fellowship church of baltimore where they conduct the ritual to " honor the ancestors . those who in one way or another helped us to get to where we are today . " according to dr . ayuk , however , while libation can be found in the bible it was " done as a form of worship to god and not gods . " heathens , he said , " copied the practice and when israel strayed from god , they took the ritual to heathen gods " and most african communities currently pour libation as a part of their tradition . " the practice is said to have begun in israel when jacob intended to appease god with a drink offering and oil ( gen 35 : 14 ) . although from genesis 1 - 35 there is a mirror that captured the culture of the surrounding nations , there is no indication any of them performed the ritual before this time , " ayuk wrote . " drifting away from god has nefarious consequences . perhaps that is why most african countries entrenched in ancestral worship are backwards because they seem to invite more the wrath rather than the favor of god . from africa to asia , latin america to europe and north america to central america , there is enough evidence that abandoning the ways of god will fetch us disaster now and hell fire in the world to come , " ayuk added .
( photo : reuters ) the teams of north and south korea march into the stadium during the opening ceremony at the torino 2006 winter olympic games in turin , italy . while news of north and south korea agreeing to march under a " unified korea " flag at the upcoming winter olympics has sparked hopes for peace , a grim reminder of the harshness of life in the north washed up on the shores of japan in a " ghost ship " that contained eight skeletal remains . afp reported on tuesday that coastguards in japan found the decomposing corpses of seven men inside the wreckage of a ship that washed up in kanazawa , with the remains of another man discovered 50 feet from the boat . senior police official hiroshi abe said that " it is difficult to identify the bodies as they had begun to decompose . " while abe said it is yet to be confirmed that the boat came from north korea , cnn said police also found a badge with the likenesses of north korean leaders kim jong il and kim il sung inside the boat , along with a cigarette box with korean letters . as many as 113 suspected north korean vessels dubbed " ghost ships " washed up in japan in 2017 , carrying the decomposing bodies of 43 people . the victims are believed to be mostly fishing crews driven by hunger and desperation further out into the sea between the korean peninsula and japan . several north korean defectors spoke last year about the extreme poverty and starvation gripping many citizens under kim jong un ' s regime . christians suffer heavily there too , and are often sent to prison camps or executed if their faith is discovered . the discovery of this year ' s first ghost ship coincides with news that north and south korea will march under the same flag for the opening of the winter olympic games , which will take place between feb . 9 25 in pyeongchang , south korea . BBc news reported that the two countries will also field a joint women ' s ice hockey team . while the apparent thawing in relations means that the cross - border road between the two nations will be opened for the first time in two years , some , such as japan ' s foreign minister taro kono , have warned against north korea ' s sudden " charm offensive . " " it is not the time to ease pressure or to reward north korea , " kono said , according to reuters . " the fact that north korea is engaging in dialogue could be interpreted as proof that the sanctions are working , " he added , referring to heavy international sanctions against the north . just last month kim jong un was still issuing grave warnings against the united states , and said during his new year ' s day speech that his country has the capability to hit u . s . mainland with nuclear weapons . " the entire united states is within range of our nuclear weapons , and a nuclear button is always on my desk . this is reality , not a threat , " kim said . " this year we should focus on mass producing nuclear warheads and ballistic missiles for operational deployment , " the north korean leader added . " these weapons will be used only if our security is threatened . "
( photo : reuters / dado ruvic ) facebook . update 11 : 40 a . m . et jan . 18 : facebook said thursday that it has lifted its ban on paid ads for a fundraising effort connected to alveda king ' s upcoming documentary that highlights the " real untold story " of abortion in the united states and the history of eugenics associated with planned parenthood . in an emailed statement to the christian post , facebook said the pro - life ad was originally disapproved in error and was correctly approved upon appeal . at this time , all ads connected to the " roe v . wade " movie page are running . facebook also said that abilities of all the administrators for the page will be fully restored after being temporarily blocked for so - called " spam behavior . " original report : martin luther king jr . ' s niece is speaking out against facebook ' s decision to ban paid ads for a fundraising effort connected to her upcoming documentary that highlights the " real untold story " of abortion in the united states and the history of eugenics associated with planned parenthood . alveda king , a prominent christian conservative and pro - life activist who serves as director of civil rights for the unborn at priests for life , spoke with family research council ' s tony perkins during a special national religious freedom day broadcast of his radio show on tuesday and explained that facebook pulled down paid ads and is blocking shares for her upcoming film , " roe v , wade . " named after the 1973 u . s . supreme court decision that legalized elective abortions , the documentary stars hollywood actor jon voight and is said to be the first movie ever to expose " the real untold story of how people lied ; how the media lied ; and how the courts were manipulated to pass a law that has since killed over 60 million americans . " expand collapse ( photo : reuters / mary f . calvert ) alveda king , founder of alveda king ministries , speaks during an " i have a dream " gospel brunch at the willard intercontinental hotel in washington , d . c . , on august 25 , 2013 . " there is a new movie coming out ' roe v . wade . ' i am one of the executive producers . facebook has pulled down our ads , the paid ads and any mention of the non - paid ads , " king said while addressing the topic of religious freedom . " they do not want the message of the injustice of abortion broadcast and they are trying to block that . " king is referring to facebook ' s blocking of ads promoting the movie ' s indiegogo crowdfunding account . thus far , the movie has raised just under 44 , 000 out of its stated goal of 2 million . " that is another violation of religious freedom . it ' s very discriminatory , " she continued . " so , when we are denied the opportunity and the right to proclaim the gospel freely in this nation that was founded upon . . . that right , it ' s a terrible injustice . my uncle did say injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . i know we can all agree . it ' s wrong to take the life of a baby in the womb . it ' s wrong to silence those voices of people who want to proclaim our faith and all of those aren ' t just civil rights injustices , but they are an injustice against god ' s will . " according to an update on the crowdfunding page , " facebook has banned us from inviting friends to ' like ' our page and from ' sharing ' our paid ads . " the christian post has reached out to facebook for comment on the situation . a response is pending . " it is outrageous that facebook purports to be apolitical when there have been trends of blocking pages of conservative causes , such as our ' roe v . wade ' movie page , " fellow executive producer jalesia mcqueen told breitbart in a statement . the news comes as facebook is frequently criticized for having bias against and censoring conservative christians . earlier this month , facebook unpublished the popular facebook page of warriors for christ ministry , which had over 225 , 000 followers and spoke critically of things like homosexuality , transgenderism and abortion . facebook told the christian post that the page was removed because it violated its policies on hate speech and bullying . additionally , facebook refused to take action this week after popular christian mommy blogger elizabeth johnston , best known as " the activist mommy , " voiced concern with a facebook group that was titled " i will find activist mommy and burn whoever runs it alive . " officials of the social media giant ruled that the group did not violate facebook community standards because it was determined that the group was " satirical . " " with 2 billion users , it can be argued that facebook has become a public utility and thus cannot discriminate against users based upon their political or religious views , " johnston told cp on tuesday . " conservative users who don ' t tow the liberal line on issues like islam , abortion , and homosexuality are repeatedly banned and silenced in an orwellian manner for expressing their valid concerns , thus causing conservatives to cry out for an alternative platform that welcomes the free exchange of ideas . "
( screencap : youtube / tidningen dagen ) annahita parsan ( l ) , minister in the church of sweden , in a video posted on april 28 , 2017 . an iranian convert to christianity who is now an ordained minister in the church of sweden says she has helped bring nearly 1 , 500 muslims to christ over the past five years . annahita parsan told fox news in a report on wednesday that her life , which has undergone huge tribulations , is " completely different since coming to jesus . " the minister said she was raised in a muslim home in iran and married at 16 , though a couple of years later her husband was killed in a car accident . she had to fight for custody for her son , which she successfully won , and two years later was re - married to a man whose wife had died . her second husband started beating her son , and although she wanted a divorce it was impossible for her to do because she was pregnant with a second child . parsan , her daughter , and the rest of the family fled as refugees in 1984 in the wake of the iran - iraq conflict , but met great hardships , including spending a month in prison in turkey because they did not have identification papers or passports . eventually they made it to denmark , which is where parsan started learning more about jesus christ . " in about the first or second month there , a woman came to the door to speak about god . but it was not in my interest , " parsan said . " i was so angry , i was so unhappy . but she came back the next day with a small bible , so this time i asked jesus to help me . " she started reading the bible , which she had to keep secret from her husband , and grew in the faith . but her family life only got worse and she attempted to take her own life by overdosing on sleeping pills after her husband physically attacked her . she survived the assault and that was when she woke up in a hospital and realized she was being called for greater things . " i was too scared to go home and the police came to the hospital to talk to me . many people were helping me find a safe place to live , and i knew it was jesus , " parsan recalled . " and soon , the police called to tell me that they had uncovered a plot in which my abusive husband had planned to kidnap the children back to iran . after that , we moved to sweden , and the policeman told me that i have an angel on my shoulder . " two years after moving to sweden she was baptized in the christian faith . in 2006 , she survived a car accident , which is when she said she realized god spared her life so that she could help muslims come to christ . in 2012 , parson became a minister in the church of sweden , focusing much of her work on reaching out to the muslim community and inviting them to explore the faith . she has helped as many as 1 , 500 come to christ in the past five years , she estimates , despite risks to her life . " i have serious threats at least a couple of times per year , a threat of a knife attack or a bomb attack . i have a police officer attached to my case i can always call , and we have security during our services . i have other threats from my own distant family members , " she revealed . " but for me , what i do is worth it . " christians back in iran meanwhile continue suffering intense persecution for their faith , believers have said , despite the claims of a prominent bishop who attempted to argue that they " enjoy complete freedom . " bishop sibo sarkisian , the armenian - orthodox bishop of tehran , said last month that iran grants christian citizens " every right to practice their faith , including observing their feasts such as christmas , " and said that the only thing they are prohibited from doing is sharing their faith publicly . mohabat news , which says it is the news agency of iranian christians , pointed out , however , that for millions of believers , including the growing numbers in iran , evangelism is a biblical mandate , and is an essential part of the faith .
( screenshot : youtube / mjoflakeland1 ) a metro bus crosses an intersection out front of the paul s . sarbanes transit center in silver spring , maryland in a video posted to youtube on apr 10 , 2016 . the united states justice department said that the washington , d . c . public transit system violated the free speech rights of the catholic archdiocese of washington by refusing to place it ' s christmas advertisement on the side of metro buses . the department of justice filed a 14 - page amicus brief with the united states court of appeals for the district of columbia on tuesday in defense of the archdiocese , which is suing the washington metropolitan area transit authority after its bus advertisement for the " find the perfect gift " christmas campaign was rejected . the advertisement showed a silhouette of three shepherds and their sheep under a starry night . the advertisement also promoted the website , " findtheperfectgift . org . " upon clicking the link , the page reads " jesus is the perfect gift . " wmata maintained that the ad was rejected because it violated guidelines that state that advertisements may not promote or oppose and religion or belief . the archdiocese filed a lawsuit against the agency in november . however , a federal judge in december sided with wmata , saying that the agency has the right to ban posters that have religious content . although the christmas season has ended , the archdiocese is continuing its legal battle because it intends to place similar ads in the future and wants wmata ' s policy struck down . attorney general jeff sessions ' justice department is now asking the court of appeals to overturn the federal judge ' s ruling . " wmata ' s rejection of the archdiocese ' s proposed christmas advertisement in this case falls squarely within the class of viewpoint discrimination . . . . , " the justice department brief reads . " in the context of christmas advertising , wmata ' s guidelines permit messages which generally express commercial or charitable viewpoints , but exclude messages that express religious viewpoints . " " had macy ' s , for example , sought to run a christmas - themed ad stating , ' find the perfect gift , ' and displaying an image of its jewelry , nothing in the guidelines would prohibit the company from doing so . but because the archdiocese ' s proposal arguably conveyed the implicit message that ' jEsus is the perfect gift , ' wmata rejected it , " the brief continued . " an ad proclaiming that the perfect christmas gift is jewelry and another that the perfect christmas gift is jesus obviously offer competing perspectives on the meaning of the holiday , yet wmata permits only the former . " the justice department argues that the the application of wmata ' s guidelines is " precisely the type of viewpoint discrimination " that the supreme court precluded in the 1995 case of rosenberger v . university of virginia , in which the court ruled that the public school may not withhold funding from a christian student publication that is otherwise available to secular student publications . " as the supreme court has made clear , the first amendment prohibits the government from discriminating against religious viewpoints , " associate attorney general rachel brand said in a statement . " by rejecting the archdiocese ' s advertisement while allowing other christmas advertisements , wmata engaged in unconstitutional viewpoint discrimination . " according to the washingtonian magazine , metro ' s policy was revised after pamela geller of the american freedom defense initiative attempted to place ads featuring cartoon depictions of the muslim prophet muhammad . since taking office in 2017 , sessions and president donald trump have vowed to promote religious liberty . last october , sessions issued a sweeping order on religious freedom , calling on federal agencies to ensure that the religious freedom of people and organizations are protected to the " greatest extent practicable and permitted by law . "
( screenshot : chick - fil - a ) a chick - fil - a restaurant proudly displays the companies " closed sunday " policy . it ' s a practice that has been in place since 1946 . a chick - fil - a restaurant in fargo , north dakota , is asking for forgiveness following a controversial decision to kick out a mother for breast - feeding her child , with the owner being accused of telling the woman that men can see her " indecency . " macy hornung , the mother , wrote in a facebook message on sunday that she was told to leave the restaurant after staff saw her breast - feeding her baby . " the owner came to our table where i was showing no more than the upper portion of my breast , barely more than what was visible in my shirt and asked me to cover . i tried to explain that i couldn ' t , because my baby refuses to be covered and she started harping about the children and men who can see my indecency and i need to cover , " hornung explained . " i said they could practice the simple art of looking away and tried to cite north dakota breast - feeding laws . she told me if i chose not to cover , then she would have to ask me to leave , so i told her my review would reflect my experience and i would be relaying the experience in every local mommy group , " she added . later the same day kimberly flamm , the owner of the store in question , posted a facebook message of her own where she apologized for the incident . " i would like to publicly apologize to macy hornung for the way i handled the situation on saturday , " flamm wrote . " i ask for your forgiveness on this matter as i learn from it . my goal is to provide a warm and welcoming environment for all of my guests . " the situation continues to spark debates online , with some stating that breast - feeding is not something to be done in a public restaurant . " i personally do not want to see a mother breast - feed her child while i am trying to eat my lunch or dinner . i think she only did this to see how far she could push the envelope . i have nothing against breast - feeding but in a public restaurant is not one of them , " one person wrote . others , such as lindzey dianna , pushed back . " i ' m shocked at some of the comments on here . are people really that stupid they would get offended over a baby eating you have 360 degrees to which you can direct your vision , if a mom feeding her child offends you so much , then avert to the remaining 359 . if you ' re still overcome by the awful egregious site of a breast , then you can try eating in the bathroom or your car , " she wrote . debate over breast - feeding was stirred in christian circles last year as well , when a mother attending an elevation church campus in the ballantyne neighborhood of charlotte said that she was told to go feed her child in the ladies room , instead of the sanctuary during service . " i just got kicked out of church for breast - feeding with a cover on and directed to the bathroom . shame on you elevation , " mother amanda zilliken wrote on facebook in august . elevation church released a statement after a gofundme campaign began collecting money online to help zilliken file a lawsuit . " we do not have a policy that nursing mothers can ' t be in the sanctuary , " the statement clarified . " a volunteer had a conversation and felt both parties arrived at the same conclusion to exit mutually . we are sorry that this in any way offended anyone . we welcome everyone and anyone to attend elevation church . "
( photo : reuters / james lawler duggan ) the annual march for life concludes at the u . s . supreme court in washington , d . c . , u . s . january 27 , 2017 . numerous conservative groups and more than a hundred members of congress have filed amicus briefs urging the united states supreme court to strike down a california law that compels pro - life centers to promote abortion . the highest court in the nation is scheduled to hear arguments in the case of national institute of family and life advocates v . becerra . a brief signed by 144 members of congress from both parties argued that california ' s law , known as the reproductive freedom , accountability , comprehensive care , and transparency ( fact ) act , was " unconstitutional . " expand collapse ( photo : reuters / jessica rinaldi ) executive director of alternatives pregnancy center janet lyons points to a plastic replica of a fetus at twelve weeks which is used to show women who come into the center to find out if they are pregnant and what the stage of growth looks like , in waterloo , iowa , july 6 , 2011 . " the california law at issue compels pregnancy centers opposed to abortion and only those opposed to abortion to comply with burdensome requirements that force these centers to provide nonmedical information that contradicts their core message and moral beliefs , " read the brief , filed tuesday . " . . . the fact act is a viewpoint - based regulation of speech . it is therefore unconstitutional unless it can surpass strict scrutiny . tellingly , no government has ever succeeded in an attempt to justify a speech regulation that discriminates based on viewpoint . " david french , a popular conservative columnist , filed a brief monday on behalf of 41 conservative groups , arguing that the california law violated the moral conscience of pro - life activists . " the state of california directly interferes with their work by forcing them to post messages actively opposed to their lifesaving efforts , " argued french . " it is hard to imagine a greater imposition on individual conscience . it is hard to imagine a more repugnant form of forced speech . " a brief filed by groups including the national association of evangelicals , concerned women for america , the southern baptist convention ' s ethics religious liberty commission , and samaritan ' s purse called the law " viewpoint discriminatory " and that " forcing private parties to communicate the state ' s message is unjustified and unjustifiable . " in 2015 , the california passed assembly bill 775 of reproductive fact act . the law mandated that all licensed pregnancy health centers , among other things , include a sign that refers patients to abortion clinics . " the notice shall state : ' california has public programs that provide immediate free or low - cost access to comprehensive family planning services ( including all fda - approved methods of contraception ) , prenatal care , and abortion for eligible women , ' " read ab 775 . failure to comply with ab 775 could result in a 500 fine on the first offense and then a 1 , 000 fine for each offense after that . in october 2016 , a three judge panel of the ninth circuit court of appeals upheld the law , agreeing with a lower court decision that the fact act " survives any level of scrutiny " and " does not discriminate based on viewpoint . " " instead , the act applies to all licensed and unlicensed facilities , regardless of what , if any , objections they may have to certain family planning services , " read the opinion . " the licensed notice and the unlicensed notice do not imply or suggest any preference regarding family - planning services . " last november , the supreme court agreed to hear an appeal , limiting their hearing to the question of if " the disclosures required by the california reproductive fact act violate the protections set forth in the free speech clause of the first amendment , applicable to the states through the fourteenth amendment . "
subscribe to canada free press for free far be it from us to explain to the pope how the devil actually works , but . . . pope : gosh , this fake news is the work of the devil the pope who buys the media s climate change nonsense hook , line and sinker has now decided fake news is the work of the devil . well . the journey of a thousand miles begins with a first step . but as he so often does when he s dealing with matters in the civic and political realm , the pope seems a bit too deferential to established institutions on the matter of truth , objectivity and fairness . he also doesn t seem to really understand all that well how the digital world works . according to the pope , the devil wants to trick you , but all you have to do is follow the guidance of the media , education and technology establishment and you ll be fine : the tragedy of disinformation is that it discredits others , presenting them as enemies , to the point of demonizing them and fomenting conflict , the pope wrote , whereas true statements tend to promote informed and mature reflection leading to constructive dialogue . the pope portrayed latter - day makers of fake news as followers of the serpent in the garden of eden , the devil , who persuaded eve to eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil and thus ushered in the tragic history of human sin . pope francis praised education and regulation to combat fake news , and encouraged tech and media companies in efforts to verify the personal identities concealed behind millions of digital profiles . but the pope laid the greatest responsibility with journalists , whom he called on to reject falsehoods , rhetorical slogans and sensational headlines in favor of a journalism of peace . there s so much wrong here , it s hard to know where to start . clearly , the pope is buying the mainstream media s default definition of fake news , which is the nonsense headlines coming from schlock web sites dressed up to look like mainstream media . there s one called abcnews . com . co , for example , that is designed to make people think they re looking at the abc news site . fake not really abc news . that s easy . but if the pope thinks that s as fake as fake gets , he s overlooking the matter of lies told by the real abc news . real media fake information . see the news can be just as fake when it s coming from real journalists . and it s more damaging when that happens because the credibility ascribed to these people - by the likes of the pope , among others - makes ordinary people assume they can believe what they re being told . maybe someone needs to sit the pope down and remind him of how satan really operates . if satan showed up at your door and handed you a pamphlet that said , jesus secretly colluded with russians to import sex slaves to miami , or claimed your heretofore unknown nigerian uncle had a multimillion - dollar fortune for you , not many people would believe him . nonsense that ham - handed is easily sniffed out , and only the most extremely gullible in our midst are influenced by it . but what the bible tells us about satan is that he s crafty . he doesn t show up with a pitchfork , devil horns and a tail ( even if the jon lovitz caricature is one of the funniest things i ve ever seen ) . satan presents himself as having credibility , knowledge , insight and wisdom . he comes off as someone who s got it together , can earn your trust and has a legitimate claim as an influencer . he seems like someone you should listen to . he seems like someone who will steer you right .
we have all heard it for years , marijuana is a gateway to other drugs . but , the question is , is that really the case marijuana is a gateway drug , t
if you or a loved one suffers from vertigo , you know how difficult it can be to get around it . thankfully , you can use these natural remedies to allev
depression can appear out of nowhere and when it does , it can be hard to get it to go away . however , you don t need an antidepressant prescription to
no one really wants to hear about trump s preference for activities in the bedroom . however , when details drop , we can t help ourselves . you know you don t want to hear it , you know you shouldn t want to hear it , but you have to hear it anyways especially if you know it s going to make the orange buffoon look ridiculous . with the recent revelations that trump s lawyer paid off porn star stephanie clifford , aka stormy daniels , for her silence on an extramarital affair with trump , we re now getting drips of information on what trump liked and asked her to do , and we re an equal mixture of grossed out and entertained . mother jones reported thursday that emails between daniels and political advisers for a possibly political campaign in 2009 included details about their affair . according to 2009 emails between political operatives who were at the time advising daniels on a possible political campaign , the adult film actor and director claimed that her affair with trump included an unusual act : spanking him with a copy of forbes magazine . trump likes to be spanked . let that sink in . now , one must ask : does it have to be a forbes magazine or will any old magazine do apparently , trump wanted to be spanked with a forbes magazine that had his face on the cover . yes , mother jones confirmed a cover of forbes does exist with trump on it . the cover also features son don jr . and daughter ivanka , which is beyond creepy . trump also allegedly asked her to accompany him to his hotel room to have sex when they first met but beforehand , he showed her another magazine with him on the cover . so apparently , that s the kink . magazines with trump s face on them get him off . no wonder he likes to lie about being on the cover of timE . featured image by scott olson / getty images .
as republicans continue to blast democrats in congress with accusations that dems want to shut down the government , the american people are pushing back according to new polls . according to a quinnipiac poll , 50 percent of voters want the house to be taken over by democrats . american voters say 50 39 percent they would like to see the democratic party take control of the u . s . house of representatives this year . independent voters back the democrats 45 - 37 percent . additionally , a majority of voters want to see democrats take the majority in the senate . by a similar 52 40 percent , voters want the democrats to take control of the u . s . senate this year . independent voters want democrats in control 47 37 percent . what in the world has happened in just a year , people are wanting republicans out of congress . quinnipiac found that 78 percent of those polled disapprove of the job congress is doing . of that 78 percent , 88 percent were democrats and 66 percent were republicans . republicans can thank their own failures on delivering the promises they made to their voters . one of the first orders of business was to repeal and replace obamacare , and they failed miserably . worse yet , they failed multiple times . furthermore , republicans failed to deliver a decent candidate in the alabama senate race . they gave the people of alabama such a bad candidate that alabama actually put a democrat in the senate . the only major success republicans have pulled off is passing a tax reform bill and looking at poll results , it may be too late regardless . with the possibility of a government shutdown , republicans are losing ground and democrats could actually reap the benefits in the 2018 mid - term elections . additionally only 40 percent of voters felt good about the direction america was headed . a total of 40 percent of american voters are very satisfied or somewhat satisfied with the way things are going in the nation today , as 59 percent are somewhat dissatisfied or very dissatisfied . they noted this is actually considered to be the highest level of satisfaction since a 2005 poll . however , tim malloy , the assistant director of the quinnipiac university poll noted : it has been 13 years since americans have felt this good about life in the u . s . , but the numbers suggest there is a long way to go . now , when asked who they would blame for a government shutdown , it was fairly split between republicans and democrats . thirty - two percent would blame republicans , 34 percent would blame democrats , and 21 percent would blame trump himself . on the issues , quinnipiac found 73 percent would support a daca bill to address the issue of the dreamers . out of that 73 percent , republicans were split with 49 percent supporting one and 40 percent opposing . on the issue of the ongoing investigation into russia s ties to the trump campaign , 52 percent felt it was a legitimate investigation compared to 43 percent who felt it was a witch hunt . if democrats can maintain this momentum , there stands a very good chance that control of the house and senate will shift from red to blue . however , it s far from guaranteed and there are still many months before election day . featured image by mark wilson / getty images .
when it snows , do you go out early and clear off your car or are you among the particular people who don t really finish the job be honest now . while clearing off your car may seem like a certain amount of vanity , it is really a functional issue . it helps you see better as you navigate the road . but that is not the only benefit you get from clearing your car of ice and snow . it also helps protect and lives of the other drivers on the road . in the viral video we have for you below , you will see the shocking moment a block of ice lifts off a speeding suv and smashes into the windshield of a car driving behind it . fortunately , the car that got hit has a dashboard camera running to help protect themselves from accidents like this . because they have proof that it is the other car s fault , it will be easier for them to get the insurance company to pay them for the damage . although the ice block accident happened about two years ago , it is still circulating through the internet . because climate change is causing such cold , wintry weather this year , people are eager to remember how to stay safe on the road . and the reminder that ice can fly off a person s car is a good way to recall the facts . since it was uploaded , the footage has been viewed more than three million times . and when you press play below you ll understand why its influence is so far - reaching . the victim of the ice attack was jeffrey cote . he shared the video and uploaded the following description : an ice sheet flew off the top of an suv and destroyed my windshield , bent my wiper arm , and damaged my side mirror . occurred at 8 : 45 am 12 / 30 / 15 on i - 495 s at mile 112 . 8 car : 2003 saab 9 - 5 aero wagon , cote wrote with complete accuracy . he wanted the situation to be documented correctly . if i had braked harder , i could have avoided impact , but it initially appeared the piece was going to fall in front of me . when it was all said and done , the ice caused a lot of damage to his vehicle , damage that would require the car to be out of commission while it got fixed . and it happened because the suv driver was too lazy to clean their vehicle correctly . because cote saw it coming , he wishes that he had avoided it better . but hindsight is always 20 - 20 , as the saying goes . this dashcam video shows what can go wrong if you re lazy and you don t clear that huge block of snow and ice off of the roof of your car it can fly off and crush the car behind you . now that you have seen the damage that flying ice can cause make sure you go out and clean your car of ice and snow next time you re hit with a storm this winter . think of the other drivers , and you ll help make the roads safer for all of us .
martina big , a 28 - year - old white german model , has turned herself black through a series of chemical injections and a mega - watt tanning bed . the model , who boasts her giant breast size via implants of size 32 s , has spent more than 50 , 000 to become exotic barbie , with skin that she describes as dark , crispy brown . chemical injections of melanotan into her skin help her get that dramatic dark color . she started this transformation in 2012 , opting for implants because she didn t think she was curvy enough and hoping to darken her skin , as she explained the goal : darker and darker and see what the limits are . martina is a fan of her skin color , saying , i love the contrast of my bright blonde hair and my dark , crispy brown skin . i love seeing the reactions of people . i can see their big eyes when i walk past and their shocked faces , thinking how is this possible ' she further explained , yes , i have the skin of an african girl , but i am not pretending to be a black girl . i m going to create a unique and exotic barbie with dark tan , bright blonde hair and exaggerated curves . i like this look . of the reaction she gets , she says that people don t understand because they have never seen a white girl change her skin to african dark before . once they get a better understanding , she says they tell her to go darker with the tone . and her boyfriend , michael , fully supports her , as he added : i hope for the future that martina will continue inflating her breasts , inflating her lips , getting more tanned and getting big butt implants . those are definitely some goals . michael has gotten the tanning injections as well , taking a page from his girlfriend , as he explained : i didn t want to go quite as dark as martina but i support her and like her new look very much . i am the boyfriend of the woman with the largest breasts in europe . while melanotan is not approved by the Fda , it is available from online retailers . with the tanning bed exposure , the centers for disease control and prevention explain that indoor tanning can cause skin cancers including melanoma ( the deadliest type of skin cancer ) , basal cell carcinoma , and squamous cell carcinoma as well as cataracts and cancers of the eye ( ocular melanoma ) . those who commented on the maury show video about martina had plenty to say , including one person who noted : i m a black female and i think its cool that she appreciates dark skin . she expressed wanting to learn more about the culture . she didnt come out acting ghetto or talking in an offensive way . however , another person responded : it s not cool . it s apparent to just about most people , that this woman has mental health issues . she went from trying to look like pamela anderson to trying to look like a black woman . her breast size is absurd and the doctor who did that should be disciplined . what she is doing to her body is damaging and she is going to wind up as much a physical mess and she is a mental mess .
sushi is a trendy dish . it comes from japan , and its two main ingredients are raw fish and rice . but if you eat too much sushi , you could end up like this poor california man . because he enjoyed the japanese delicacy every day , he had a five - foot - long tapeworm come wriggling out of his body . and it left him rethinking his urge to eat so much sushi . the man , who lives in fresno , california , rushed to the emergency room because he was suffering from horrible diarrhea . and when he saw dr . kenny bahn at the emergency room , the doctor took notes , because he was planning on telling the patient s story on his podcast called this won t hurt a bit . when the california man came into the fresno community regional medical center , he told the doctors , i really want to be treated for worms . dr . bahn thought the man was crazy . but when he took a closer look , he saw that the sushi eater was horribly infected . the disgusting proof could not be denied when dr . bahn helped pull the five - foot worm out of the man s body . i take out a toilet paper roll , and wrapped around it , of course , is what looks like this giant , long tapeworm , bahn said on his tell - all podcast . when the doctor unraveled the tapeworm , it was 5 - and - a - half - feet long . that s taller than most women in the united states . that s a huge thing having suck the life out of you from the inside . the patient told bahn that the worm felt like it was wriggling out of him . and it hurt so badly that it felt like his guts were coming out . dr . bahn decided to take the man s story of suffering and share it on his audio podcast to impress his listeners . when the man sat on the toilet to push the worm out of him , it did not work . he then reached behind and started to pull on it . and when he did , the tapeworm began to resist . it did not want to leave the warm habitat of the man s bowels . it wanted to remain in there , steal his life away from him , and reproduce . when the man learned that it was only a tapeworm , he was flooded with relief . because those are treatable , he did not have to worry about some other kind of lasting health problem . and if there were any more worms in his body , he was given medication that should help remove them in due time . according to a study published by the centers for disease control and prevention last year , wild - caught salmon caught in the waters off alaska could contain worms . and because this man was eating raw salmon in his sushi , he was unknowingly putting his body at risk . if he had known , he would have changed his eating habits . the patient confirmed that he will stay away from sushi for some time yet . are you a lover of sushi will you think twice about indulging in this japanese delicacy after hearing about this worm problem
a 22 - year - old british vlogger has made a name for herself by promoting products and places on social media . she uses her face to gain followers and helps other places sell their products by sharing them with her countless fans . so when this vlogger , elle darby , approached the owner of charleville lodge hotel in dublin , ireland , she asked the hotel owner to allow her to stay at the hotel for FRee . and she said that if she got a free room , she d promote the dublin hotel on her social media page and help get it even more business . but the owner laughed at her request . the owner , paul stenson , hit the social media star with scorn and shared the email he wrote back to her online , so everyone could see what he actually said . in response , the youtube star posted a video claiming that the hotel bullied her . because she wanted to establish a possible collaboration with the hotel and get to stay there for free for herself and her partner , the hotel denied her entitled request . i would love to feature you in my youtube videos / dedicated instagram stories / posts to bring traffic to your hotel and recommend others to book up in return for free accommodation , she wrote . but the hotel owner thought her request was ludicrous . stenson poured scorn back into the online exchange and has since banned the bloggers from his hotel . darby , who is based in bath , somerset , told the hotel owner that she had 87 , 000 youtube subscribers and 76 , 000 instagram followers . and she does work as a social media influencer , mainly lifestyle , beauty travel based . stenson thought her request was insane and her line of work lacked self - respect and dignity . he wrote : thank you for your email looking for free accommodation in return for exposure . it takes a lot of balls to send an email like that if not much self - respect and dignity . if i let you stay here in return for a feature in your video , who is going to pay the staff who look after you who is going to pay the housekeepers who clean your room he then wrote : the waiters who serve you breakfast the receptionist who checks you in who is going to pay for the light and heat you use during your stay the laundering of your bed sheets the water rates maybe i should tell my staff they will be featured in your video in lieu of receiving payment for work carried out while you re in residence because the youtube star hit back with a complaint on video , her fans also joined the fray . some accused stenson of bullying , while other said darby was a spoiled brat . in her video , she said : i feel disgusting having to say this . as a 22 - year - old girl , who s running her own business from her home , i don t feel like i did anything wrong . these were all 30 years plus people internet bullying a 22 - year - old girl who is just trying to run her own business and raise awareness of what appeared to be a stunning dublin hotel . which side are you on
( facebook / support kountze kids faith ) a texas public school district is hoping the state supreme court will rule that high school cheerleaders don ' t have the constitutional right to include bible verses on banners displayed at football games . kountze independent school district filed a petition with the texas supreme court on wednesday after the texas court of appeals in beaumont ruled last year that the school district does not reserve the right to ban cheerleaders from including christian messages on large colorful banners that the school football team runs through before the start of games . the lower court ruled in september that the cheerleaders ' signs constituted private speech , not government speech . the school district ' s appeal for rehearing was subsequently denied by the beaumont court . attorneys for the school district have argued that the lower court ' s ruling goes against previous federal court precedents , such as the u . s . fifth circuit court ' s ruling in 2011 in the case of a cheerleader at silsbee high school who refused to cheer for an athlete who she accused of sexually assaulting her . the court reasoned in that case that cheerleaders acted as a " mouthpiece through which [ the school district ] could disseminate speech namely , support for its athletic teams . " " in federal court , a cheerleader who cheers at a game engages in government speech , but in state court , she engages in private speech , " lawyer thomas brandt wrote in the appeal , according to the beaumont enterprise . " this creates confusion for all texas school districts , " he said , adding that the banners " were held by public school cheerleaders while they were cheering for the school ' s football team , while they were in uniform at a school - sponsored event , and while they were on the school ' s football field to which access was limited by the school . " the first liberty institute , a religious freedom law group that is defending the cheerleaders , decried the school district ' s appeal . " the court of appeals correctly ruled that the kountze cheerleaders have a right to have religious speech on their run - through banners banners on which the cheerleaders painted messages they chose , with paint they paid for , on paper they purchased . why is the school district continuing to fight against this decision and the cheerleaders " first liberty institute lawyer hiram sasser said in a statement shared with the christian post . " when will the school district stop filing appeal after appeal and finally accept that the cheerleaders are free to have religious speech on their run through banners " he questioned . " hopefully the texas supreme court will not even require the cheerleaders to respond and thus bring an end to the school district ' s scorched earth litigation tactics against the kountze cheerleaders . enough is enough . " the case dates back to 2012 when the freedom from religion foundation , a national organization that advocates for strict adherence to separation of church and state , complained that religious messages on the run - through banners constituted a violation of the establishment clause of the first amendment . according to the beaumont enterprise , the school district ' s attorneys also argue that the case is now moot because all of the original cheerleaders involved in the case have since graduated or are no longer a part of the team . however , david starnes , a lawyer who also represented the girls in the case , argues that the case is not moot because the mother of one of the students who didn ' t make the team in 2017 filed a grievance after her daughter didn ' t make the team . the mother claimed that her daughter didn ' t make the team in retaliation for suing the school district , according to the beaumont enterprise . " it is remarkable that the lawyers for the kountze school district are making the same , worn - out , rejected arguments , yet again , " starnes said in a statement to kfdM / fox 4 . " enough is enough . they are fully aware that the u . s . supreme court ruled in 1969 that ' it can hardly be argued that either students or teachers shed their constitutional rights to freedom of speech or expression at the schoolhouse gate . ' " " of course the ninth court of appeals simply followed the law and ruled in their favor , " starnes continued . " it is inexplicable that the district ' s lawyers continue trying to suppress the cheerleaders ' constitutionally - protected religious speech , when the well - reasoned opinion of the ninth court of appeals simply follows the u . s . supreme court law written in 1969 . to do otherwise , would lead to an absurd result . "
concentration camps for african migrants blocked from entering europe are popping up across libya the europeans want to move their southern border from the northern edge of the mediterranean sea to the southern rim of the sahara desert . refugees do not show up in the mediterranean sea as if from nowhere . by the time they get into their flimsy boats on the libyan coastline , they have lived many , many dangerous lives . they would have left their increasingly unproductive fields in western and eastern africa , fled wars in the horn of africa , in sudan and in places as far as afghanistan , and traveled great distances to get to what they see as the final leg of their journey . what they want is to make it to europe , which since the early days of colonialism has broadcast itself as the land of milk and honey . old colonial ideas and the wealth of europe built from colonial labor beckons . it is a siren for the wretched of the earth . it has ended for many africans in virtual concentration camps in libya , where refugees that europe does not want now linger some sold into slavery . to get to libya , the migrants and refugees have to cross the sahara desert , which in arabic is known , rightly , as the greatest desert ( al - sahara al - kubra ) . it is vast , hot and dangerous . old salt caravans the azalai mostly managed by the tuareg peoples , would run between mali as well as niger and libya . they would carry gold , salt , weapons and captured human beings as objects of trade . those old caravans still make their journey , moving from one water source to the next , the camels as exhausted as the tuareg . newer caravans have supplanted these older ones . camels are not their mode of transport . they prefer buses , pickup trucks and jeeps to ferry humans and cocaine towards europe , while guns and money comes southwards . these newer caravans drive along unmarked paths , heading between sand dunes , searching for old tire tracks that have been buried in disorienting sandstorms . surviving the sand the sahara is dangerous . the journey in a pickup truck could take three days , at best , or the refugees and cocaine mules could find themselves dying from dehydration , extremists , smugglers or the security forces in the region . there are many people ready to prey on the travellers and on the smugglers , whose cars are routinely stolen . no proper account exists of dead refugees . this past june , the un refugees agency reported the death of 44 migrants who died of dehydration and heat stroke when their truck broke down between the nigerien cities of agadez and dirkou . the un had saved at least 600 migrants between april and june . saving lives in the desert is becoming more urgent than ever , said giuseppe loprete , the niger chief of mission for the international organisation for migration . to prevent migrants from reaching the mediterranean , france has asked five african countries ( burkina faso , chad , mali , mauritania and niger ) to join its g5 sahel initiative . the sahel is the belt that runs across africa below the sahara desert . the european union has also contributed to this project . the europeans want to move their southern border from the northern edge of the mediterranean sea to the southern rim of the sahara desert . french military bases run across the sahel , as the united states builds an enormous base in agadez ( niger ) from where it will fly drones to provide aerial support . the military has arrived in the sahel to stop the flow of migrants . cocaine trail agadez , where the united states military is spending 100 million to build its drone base , sits at the crossroads of our contemporary crises . refugees come to it in desperation , their land made miserable by trade policies that discriminate against small farmers and by desertification caused by carbon capitalism . as the united states government has made it difficult for cocaine to enter the u . s . from central america , the cocaine mafia have moved its operations to this central belt of africa . a leading politician in niger , cherif ould abidine , who died in 2016 , was known as mr . cocaine . billions of dollars of cocaine now moves through the sahel into the sahara and upwards to europe . the pickup trucks that carry refugees and cocaine go past the town of arlit , where french multinational corporations are harvesting uranium ( oxfam noted in 2013 , one of every three light bulbs in france is lit , thanks to nigerien uranium ) . so here we have it : refugees , cocaine , uranium and a massive military enterprise . men from gambia and from mali wait outside a smugglers compound . his toyota hilux , the camel of this new trade , sits near the gate . the men are wearing sunglasses . this is their defense once they enter the desert . they are apprehensive . their future , however grim , must be better than their present . these are gamblers . they are willing to take the chance . the engine fires up . they throw their modest belonging onto the truck . it is time for their azalai . vijay prashad is the chief editor of leftword books ( leftword . com ) and the director of tricontinental : institute for social research . he is the author of red star over the third world ( leftword , 2017 ) and the death of the nation and the future of the arab revolution ( university of california press , 2016 ) , among other books . this article previously appeared in alternet .
puerto rico homeowners brace for another disaster : foreclosures maybe they believe the land is worth more than keeping people in the homes . lenders to puerto rican homeowners have kicked foreclosures into high gear in the aftermath of hurricane maria , skirting local and federal borrower protections . according to attorneys and experts , lenders have ignored federal moratoria on foreclosures ; placed notices of default in newspapers where they re unlikely to be seen ; sent files to homeowners in english rather than spanish ; and required residents to complete tasks that are borderline impossible without electrical power yet fully restored , among other abuses . the foreclosure horrors add to puerto rico s dickensian experience of late . close to 35 percent of the island remains without power after hurricane maria , with full restoration not expected until may . at least 100 , 000 people have left the island . abandoned pets are everywhere . government services have been slashed or hobbled . even one major proposed solution , wiping out puerto rico s debt , will take a personal cost : the bonds represent the life savings of many residents to whom the financial products were aggressively marketed without explanation of the downsides . the economy of the island could collapse , as the republican tax bill imposes a 20 percent tax on offshore exports . ultimately , the expected wave of foreclosures could prove worse than what happened in the most hard - hit areas in the u . s . mainland during the great recession . according to the new york times , roughly one - third of 425 , 000 puerto rican homeowners have fallen behind on mortgage payments , and with jobs scarce after the hurricane , that number will likely grow . in fact , the economy of the island could collapse , as the republican tax bill imposes a 20 percent tax on offshore exports a category that includes puerto rican manufacturing . but if you think america learned lessons from the orgy of illegality that accompanied foreclosures in the united states after 2008 , just look to puerto rico . despite new rules to prevent foreclosure fraud , puerto rico appears to be exhibit a in its continuation and it s only just beginning . foreclosures ravaged puerto rico even before maria , up 130 percent in 2016 relative to a decade before . adding two hurricanes to the equation makes the island s residents ripe for a gargantuan ripoff . the foreclosure process in puerto rico resembles the judicial foreclosure process on the mainland . lenders must follow federal guidelines on notifying borrowers of default and giving them an opportunity to cure debt . then lenders can file a lawsuit for foreclosure . judges are obligated to impose mandatory mediation , bringing borrowers and lenders to the table to work out a resolution . only if that doesn t work can lenders obtain a judgment and evict the homeowner . the expected wave of foreclosures could prove worse than what happened in the most hard - hit areas in the u . s . mainland during the great recession . however , what sound like substantive protections for the borrower often don t play out that way . many times they don t know about their rights , said veronica rivera , a coordinator for derecho a tu casa or right to your house a coalition of legal aid groups providing information and assistance to homeowners facing foreclosure . they think that the bank would understand that they can t pay because they lost their jobs . it surprises me sometimes how much trust people have in the banks . for example , after hurricane maria , the federal government imposed a foreclosure moratorium on homes either backed by government - sponsored mortgage giants fannie mae and freddie mac , or those with federal housing administration insurance . the fha moratorium was recently extended to march 19 , 2018 , but it only applies to a sliver of loans . the fannie and freddie moratoria were set to expire on december 31 , but the lenders made an extension until march 31 . banks and mortgage investors voluntarily offered three months of relief from payments , but homeowners had to call their lender to trigger it . the banks said you have to call , said rivera . we didn t have internet for more than a month , didn t have electricity , no communication . many didn t know . indeed , a report from the public interest firm hedge clippers shows that one company , roosevelt cayman asset co . , has 289 active foreclosure cases in federal court and another 56 in local puerto rican courts . federal courts , typically not a venue for foreclosure cases , are seen as faster than local courts , so offshore companies like roosevelt lean heavily on them . they think that the bank would understand that they can t pay because they lost their jobs . even after the hurricane , roosevelt has filed motions for default judgment or eviction in the cases . the intercept has reviewed lists of dozens of these motions . for example , roosevelt filed a motion for eviction of ernesto santiago - guzman and his family on october 11 , three weeks after maria hit , and a motion for default judgment against elias rivera - rivera on october 12 . u . s . district judge gustavo gelp denied that request because the case was only initiated a month before the hurricanes , which trashed the entire island of puerto rico . the judge postponed the case until march . other judges have not been so kind . docket entries show that roosevelt secured a default judgment against carlos gonzalez - luna s property on october 23 . many of the loans roosevelt acted on were purchased in a fire sale from the federal deposit insurance corporation after the 2015 failure of doral bank , a lender with a large portfolio of puerto rican mortgages . these loans were severely delinquent , some over two years . federally insured distressed mortgages in puerto rico have become an appetizing target for wall street land speculators seeking to make a quick buck and turn puerto rico into a playground for the rich . an unidentified puerto rico homeowner submitted a comment to the consumer financial protection bureau s consumer complaint database , claiming that roosevelt is not flexible and expressed that they just want to acquire the home to build their house portfolio . federally insured distressed mortgages in puerto rico have become an appetizing target for wall street land speculators . critics allege roosevelt uses sleazy tactics to get default judgments . since the hurricane , they ve sought to use service by publication , publishing names in the newspaper to serve the lawsuits . who s reading the newspaper these days asked jim baker , founder of the private equity stakeholder project , who helped with the hedge clippers report . then they ask for default judgment because they served papers and the homeowners haven t responded . in most cases , they re getting [ the judgment ] , he added , referring to roosevelt . roosevelt is an affiliate of rushmore loan management services , which in turn services loans owned by private equity giant tpg capital , managers of 73 billion in assets . while tpg spokesperson patrick clifford claims only a client relationship between rushmore and tpg , rushmore s principal owners are senior tpg executives . a june 2017 report lists rushmore as the second - largest repossessor on the island , behind only banco popular , puerto rico s main bank . ( a new tpg impact investing fund includes on its board pierre omidyar , founder of first look media , the intercept s parent company . ) activist groups held protests outside tpg headquarters in manhattan , calling for an end to foreclosures on the island . related demonstrations were held in eight cities around the world . this is the first of many companies hurting the people of puerto rico and it will be one of many we will be scrutinizing , said julio l pez varona , a spokesperson for hedge clippers , in a statement . we have asked tpg and rushmore directly to stop their foreclosures and we will continue to target them until they stop harming puerto ricans . this appears to have made an impact . rushmore claims to have instituted an immediate suspension of foreclosure proceedings in puerto rico , per spokesperson steven goldberg , including stopping notice by publication . the length of the freeze is indefinite . the foreclosure moratorium expires december 31 for loans backed by fannie mae and freddie mac , and by march for fha - insured loans . rushmore pursues loan modification or other alternatives to foreclosure first in all cases and remains fully committed to working to keep as many borrowers as possible in their homes , goldberg said , especially in light of the extremely challenging circumstances caused by the hurricane . he said the company has conducted extensive outreach efforts to contact borrowers , given communication problems on the island . goldberg even provided the number to rushmore s puerto rico office , ( 877 ) 509 - 8389 , and its spanish and english websites , urging borrowers to contact them to seek a resolution to their situations . tpg s clifford added , we ve been in constructive dialogue with various advocacy groups , and we plan to continue having those conversations because they are important . even if homeowners were lucky or savvy enough to fall under the foreclosure moratorium , it expires december 31 for loans backed by fannie mae and freddie mac , and by march for fha - insured loans . many have called for those to be extended , but no decision has been made . the voluntary payment moratoria also expire by january . in an opinion piece for puerto rican newspaper el nuevo dia , ricardo j . ramos gonz lez , who runs the legal aid clinic at the university of puerto rico s school of law , warned residents that the payment moratorium merely comprised forbearance , not a cancellation of payments . those who accepted the moratorium on payments , could very well face a process of collection and eventual foreclosure of their main home , if they are required to pay three months plus the current term , gonz lez wrote . he endorsed a yearlong moratorium on foreclosures , similar to those instituted in some states during the great depression . when foreclosure notices and letters from lenders come in the mail in puerto rico , they are typically in english . but many puerto ricans only speak spanish . unlike in local courts , federal court filings are similarly in english , putting homeowners at a disadvantage . foreclosure notices and letters from lenders are typically in english , but many puerto ricans only speak spanish . rivera of derecho a tu casa claims that lenders have been negotiating loss mitigation with borrowers while also pursuing foreclosure , a scheme known as dual tracking , which is supposed to be illegal under federal mortgage servicing laws and local law in puerto rico . the mediation process has not assisted borrowers more generally . lawyers cannot participate in the process unless the client gives us special power , said rivera . worse , lenders send representatives who are not empowered to make decisions , she explained . it s a pro forma process , said rivera . the banks do not have to give a specific option . foreclosure lawyers in puerto rico are also finding the same discrepancies in foreclosure processing that roiled the united states after the crisis . this is not surprising , since those errors never really stopped in the united states . rivera alleges that investors who came in and scooped up distressed mortgages didn t follow property records procedures . there have been cases where there is no mortgage . they don t have the note , rivera said . the endgame of aggressively foreclosing on properties in puerto rico where there is little hope of turning them around to make a profit is unclear . offshore lenders made this investment a couple years ago , said baker of private equity stakeholder project . they re churning through the portfolio . maybe they believe the land is worth more than keeping people in the homes . the insurance payouts also benefit offshore purchasers of distressed mortgages ; that alone could turn a profit relative to the small price paid . derecho a tu casa offers resources at its website to educate homeowners and also representation for those who qualify . many people get depressed and we want to give them hope , rivera said . i can see the difference when i represent someone . this article previously appeared in the intercept
congolese president attacks peaceful new year s eve protestors while the rest of the world celebrates their hopes for the new year , the congolese suffer repression and death . while the black agenda report took a week off for the holidays , ugandan president yoweri museveni ordered his army to attack b ni territory in the democratic republic of congo ( drc ) two days before christmas . then , on new year ' s eve , congolese president joseph kabila ordered his military police to attack congolese peacefully protesting his refusal to relinquish power despite the expiration of his term in office at the end of december 2016 . as of january 2 , the death toll among the protesters had risen to 12 , more had been wounded , and at least 120 had been arrested . i spoke to boniface musavuli , a native of b ni territory , political exile in france , and author of les massacres de b ni and genocide of the congolese - - from leopold ii to paul kagame . ann garrison : boniface , the congolese never seem to get a break , not even for the holidays , do they boniface musavuli : yes , that ' s the case . while the rest of the world celebrates the holiday season and their hopes for the new year , the congolese suffer repression and death . the end of year period is not chosen at random . most violent events in congo occur between november and january . ag : i ve noted that too . can you explain why bm : this period corresponds either to the great moment of international news dominated by the united states ( presidential campaign and then transfer of power ) , or to the end - of - year celebrations . there is not a lot of media that can cover both the us presidential campaign , end - of - year celebrations , and events in an african country . in january 1961 , lumumba was assassinated during the transfer of power between eisenhower and john kennedy . in 1996 - 1997 , the congo was attacked by rwanda and uganda during the campaign for the re - election of bill clinton . in january 2001 , president laurent - desire kabila was assassinated during the passing of power between bill clinton and george bush . at the end of 2008 and the beginning of 2009 , rwanda and uganda attacked congo for the third time during the obama campaign and transfer of power . troops led by rwandan officers are attacking the people of b ni to get them out of the way of their resource trafficking networks and territorial ambitions . ag : we spoke a week ago when the uganda people ' s defense force ( updf ) announced that its attack aircraft had entered congolese air space to bomb camps of the allied democratic forces ( adf ) and that it was shelling the same camps with long range weapons from across the border . the updf then announced that they had killed 100 adf fighters . shouldn ' t that have been the end of the adf , which the un group of experts on drc said had been reduced to 100 members by 2015 boniface musavuli : the information published by the ugandan army on the losses suffered by " alleged adf " has not been confirmed from local sources . one must always doubt the information given by a force engaged in a conflict . ann garrison : if the bombing and shelling is not hitting adf militia members , who is it hitting there have been a few reports of refugees crossing the congolese border into uganda , but no casualty reports that i can find . bm : i think that the main objective of the ugandan army is not to fight on congolese soil , but rather to occupy . as i have previously explained , the " adf " no longer exists as a military force and the " alleged adf " are instead the excuse of some troops led by rwandan officers who have infiltrated the congolese army . they are attacking the people of b ni to get them out of the way of their resource trafficking networks and territorial ambitions . uganda can not fight against an enemy that no longer exists . on the other hand , uganda has interests in eastern congo and wants to protect them before the end of joseph kabila ' s reign . the main objective of the ugandan army is not to fight on congolese soil , but rather to occupy . ag : uganda ' s new vision seems to be the only ugandan publication to have published a critical report updf on the spot over dr congo mission and they quoted your remarks in our conversation extensively . an online publication called actualit cd quoted juma balikwisha , b ni ' s member of congo s parliament , who , like you , accused the ugandan army of coming to occupy , and said that ugandan troops were on congolese soil before the attack . they also quoted thomasa d ' awuin muti , the president of north kivu province civil society , who said [ translation from french ] : " until today , we know that the neighbors destabilizing our country are rwanda and uganda . and so , using the destabilizers to stabilize is less thoughtful . when we went to the military authorities , they told us that they were not yet informed on a plan developed between the congolese and ugandan army and that they were surprised to learn that the ugandan army is conducting bombing operations . you understand that there is not even planning between the fardc [ congolese army ] and the updf [ ugandan army ] . " we know that the neighbors destabilizing our country are rwanda and uganda . this is one of many contradictory reports as to whether or not the congolese and ugandan armies have been working together against the alleged adf in beni , but maybe we shouldn ' t expect consistency since they claim to be attacking a ghost militia in the first place . can you help us make any sense of this bm : in reality , uganda has always held the congolese army in low regard . the congo under kabila could not create an army powerful enough to stop its aggressors from the east , rwanda , uganda , and burundi since 1996 . the armies of these three countries , and even of angola on congo s southwest border , are accustomed to penetrating congolese national territory and then leaving without being bothered by the congolese government . however , my information is that the ugandan army has not yet engaged troops on the ground , and that they continue instead to amass at the border . ag : ok , let ' s turn to kabila ' s new year ' s eve attacks on the peaceful marchers protesting his refusal to relinquish power on new year s eve . on december 30 , reuters reported that kabila had ordered telecommunications companies to cut internet and sms text messaging services across the country ahead of planned anti - government demonstrations . how were you able to learn about what happened next in france bm : communication services have indeed been cut . what is deplorable is that the minister who ordered the cuts , mr . emery okundji , is a former active member of the opposition who joined kabila . at the time he was in opposition , he was hostile to the practice of cutting off communications for political reasons . kabila is discrediting the entire congolese political class . we still managed to call our contacts on the ground . kabila is discrediting the entire congolese political class . ag : the catholic church , which called for the peaceful new year ' s eve protests , is the second most powerful institution in drc , isn ' t it second only to the army bm : the catholic church is not a political or state institution . it can not be compared to the police or the army , which are state institutions . the catholic church is , however , the most respected and well - established civilian institution in the country . catholicism is congo ' s first religion with 50 of believers . during the new year s eve march , many priests showed extraordinary courage by walking in the front line with the people . ag : and what is the church calling on kabila to do are they backing an interim president until elections can be organized bm : the catholic church had sponsored a political agreement in december 2016 between kabila and the opposition to allow kabila , whose constitutional mandate had expired , to be able to organize the elections in 2017 . kabila did not respect this agreement , and everything suggests that he will never hold elections . the catholic church is fighting for a transitional government without kabila . ag : and what would you like to see happen bm : the idea of a transition without kabila is the most logical . kabila did not organize elections because he has no intention of leaving power . however , for this idea to be implemented , kabila must somehow be removed from power . until then the nation is at a dead end . ag : will anything decisive happen without the agreement of the united nations security council ( unsc ) and / or the us bm : in fact , one of the keys to the crisis lies in the hands of the united nations , and especially the united states . kabila and his entourage must be subjected to international sanctions until they agree to withdraw from power . ag : and where do the unsc and the us seem to stand now bm : americans , french and several african countries have not yet agreed on the need to get rid of kabila quickly . the emissary of president donald trump , un ambassador nikki haley , asked the kabila regime to organize the elections that it failed to organize in 2017 in 2018 . an electoral calendar was published providing for elections on december 23 , 2018 . but this date is likely to be ignored just as the december 2017 date was . and even if elections were held on that date , they would be so discredited by fraud that their results would give rise to massive challenges and a new crisis of legitimacy . kabila must somehow be removed from power . until then the nation is at a dead end . ag : is there anything else you ' d like to say bm : congo is in a situation that requires a strong mobilization of the international community . kabila and his followers are only concerned about one thing : to retain power . meanwhile , social distress keeps worsening and the security situation keeps deteriorating . if nothing is done quickly , the crisis will only get further out of control . ann garrison is an independent journalist based in the san francisco bay area . in 2014 , she received the victoire ingabire umuhoza democracy and peace prize for her reporting on conflict in the african great lakes region . she can be reached at anngarrison or [ email protected ] . boniface musavuli is a native of beni territory now living in political exile in france and author of the books the massacres of beni and the genocides of the congolese , from leopold ii to paul kagame . he can be reached at [ email protected ] .
we appreciate your help click here to donate cateGOries cateGOries select category 9 / 11 censored allen west cair nazis children donald trump enemywithin - america enemywithin - foreign halal slaughter islam and the jews islam in america islam in public schools islam nOt islamic britain islamization of the west islamObama islamomania jihad this just the facts laughing at islam military stories muslim animal abuse muslim hate hoaxes muslim invaders muslims against islam muslims vs muslims never hire a muslim persecution of christians pro - america muslims religion of hate say what uncategorized women
obama s gestapo plan was created over two years ago with rahm emanuel in chicago . emanuel , himself jewish , would have been one of hitler s jews who pushed his fellow jews into the showers . i gUeSS SoMe jeWS LeArNeD the LeSSoNS oF the hoLocAUSt Better thAN otherS . emanuel , apparently , learned them too well . this son of a bitch is [ ]
the so - called inspiration behind the women s march on dc , linda sarsour , has been accused of enabling the alleged sexual assault and harassment of a woman who worked for the feminist activist , according to the victim and two sources directly familiar with the matter . allegations of groping and unwanted touching were allegedly brought to sarsour during her time [ ]
ahmed aminamin el - mofty , 51 , ( below ) has been identified by officials as the man behind a shooting spree in harrisburg , dec . 22 , 2017 , who was shot dead by police . motive under investigation , but he has known ties to the middle east . of course , we will no doubt hear it had nothing to do with islam . pennlive [ ]
keith ellison is a muslim democratic representative from minnesotastan , currently serving as deputy chair of the democratic national committee , and is causing quite a stir across social media this week after taking a picture of himself with a book promoting the violent , terrorist antifa movement . since president donald trump s election , so - called antifa activists have initiated violent clashes on college campuses and at right - wing gatherings throughout the nation . the group has been designated a terrorist group by the dept of homeland security . Wnd u . s . rep . keith ellison , the nation s first muslim congressman and a leading candidate for chairman of the democratic national committee , is a muslim brotherhood operative and has been for years . he even went on a pilgrimage to mecca paid for by subversive organization and used taxpayer money for a trip to gaza where he met with terror operatives from hamas . as a mouthpiece for the muslim brotherhood , which congress is considering declaring a terrorist organization , ellison should not even be member of congress . ellison also has close ties to muslim american society ( mas ) one of more than a dozen groups spawned by the muslim brotherhood in documents filed by the fbI during the holy land foundation trial in dallas in 2007 - 08 . that trial , despite is unprecedented success in rooting out american muslims involved in financing the terrorist group hamas , was shut down by former attorney general eric holder soon after the obama administration took office in 2008 . ellison covers the whole gamut from Isna to caIr , to mas . all are affiliated with the brotherhood . given his ties to an international brotherhood whose stated goal is the spread of shariah across the globe , can ellison be taken at his word when he speaks to the media or on the floor of the u . s . house of representatives
linda sarsour , self - appointed feminist leader of the women s march against donald trump in washington dC , is nowhere to be seen now that the truly oppressed muslim women of iran are trying to overthrow the most misogynistic and tyrannical dictators in the world fundamentalist theocrats and muslim supremacist men .
settler colonialism and the second amendment the violent appropriation of native land by white settlers was seen as an individual right in the second amendment of the u . s . constitution , second only to freedom of speech . the anglo - american settlers violent break from britain in the late eighteenth century paralleled their search - and - destroy annihilation of delaware , cherokee , muskogee , seneca , mohawk , shawnee , and miami , during which they slaughtered families without distinction of age or gender , and expanded the boundaries of the thirteen colonies into unceded native territories . the declaration of independence of 1776 symbolizes the beginning of the indian wars and westward movement that continued across the continent for another century of unrelenting u . s . wars of conquest . that was the goal of independence , with both the seasoned indian killers of the revolutionary army and white settler - rangers / militias using extreme violence against indigenous noncombatants with the goal of total domination . these forces were met with resistance movements and confederations identified with leaders such as buckongeahelas of the delaware ; alexander mcgillivray of the muskogee - creek ; little turtle and blue jacket of the miami - shawnee alliance ; joseph brant of the mohawk ; and cornplanter of the seneca ; as well as the great tecumseh and the shawnee - led confederation in the ohio valley . without their sustained resistance , the intended genocide would have been complete ; the eastern half of the continent was ethnically cleansed of native nations by 1850 , through forced relocation to indian territory west of the mississippi . without the indigenous people s sustained resistance , the intended genocide would have been complete . the program of expansion and the wars against native american civilization and the agricultural societies of the vast valley of the ohio river and the great lakes region began before the declaration with the french and indian war of 1754 63 , which was the north american extension of the seven years war between france and britain in europe . britain s victory over france in 1763 led to its domination of world trade , sea power , and colonial holdings for nearly two centuries . in the treaty of paris , france ceded canada and all claims east of the mississippi to britain . in the course of that war , anglo - american settlers intensified their use of counterinsurgent violence , which the anglo settler elite dubbed savage wars , against indigenous peoples resistance to their incursions into the territories of the ottawa , miami , kickapoo , and the confederations identified with pontiac s leadership of the great lakes region , spreading to the illinois and ohio countries . by the end of the war , significant numbers of anglo settlers had taken indigenous lands beyond the colonies boundaries , and land speculation was a road to riches for a fortunate few . to the settlers dismay , soon after the 1763 treaty of paris was signed , king george iii issued a proclamation prohibiting british settlement west of the allegheny - appalachian mountain chain , ordering those who had settled there to relinquish their claims and return to the kingdom s thirteen colonies . soon it became clear that the british authorities needed far more soldiers to enforce the edict , as thousands of settlers ignored it and continued to pour over the mountains , squatting on indigenous lands , forming armed militias , and provoking indigenous resistance . in 1765 , in order to enforce the proclamation line , the british parliament imposed the stamp act on the colonists , a tax on all printed materials that had to be paid in british pounds , not local paper money . the iconic colonial protest slogan taxation without representation is tyranny marked the surge of rebellion against british control , but it did not tell the whole story , considering what the tax was for : to pay the cost of housing , feeding , and transporting soldiers to contain and suppress the colonies from expanding further into indian territory . the complaints iterated in the declaration largely focus on the measures used by king george to prevent his rebellious subjects from grabbing more land : [ king george ] has excited domestic insurrections [ slave revolts ] amongst us , and has endeavoured to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers , the merciless indian savages [ indigenous nations resisting genocidal wars ] , whose known rule of warfare , is an undistinguished destruction , of all ages , sexes and conditions . thousands of settlers continued to pour over the mountains , squatting on indigenous lands . by the early 1770 s , terrorism waged by anglo - american settlers against even christianized native communities within the colonies and violent encroachment on those outside the colonial boundaries raged , and illegal speculation in stolen indian lands was rampant . in the southern colonies especially , farmers who had lost their land in competition with larger , more efficient , slave - worked plantations rushed for native farmlands over the mountain range . these militant settlers rangers thus created the framework for the united states to appropriate native territories and attempt to eradicate indigenous nations across the continent for the following century . illegal squatter - settlers , always with practiced indian killers in the lead , initially depended on colonial militias for support ; after the war of independence they relied on the u . s . military to protect their settlements . during the war years of 1774 83 , the secessionists parallel wars against native nations were , in military historian john grenier s words , waypoints in the development of the first way of war . in them , we find the same elements necessity and efficiency , the uncontrollable momentum of extravagant violence , and the quest for the subjugation of indians that had defined the first way of war throughout the colonial period . in a book first published in 1876 but written decades earlier , historian joseph doddridge ( 1769 1826 ) , a minister and early settler in the ohio country , wrote : the early settlers on the frontiers of this country were like arabs of the desert of africa , in at least two respects ; every man was a soldier , and from early in the spring till late in the fall , was almost continually in arms . their work was often carried on by parties , each one of whom had his rifle and everything else belonging to his wardress . these were deposited in some central place in the field . a sentinel was stationed on the outside of the fence , so that on the least alarm the whole company repaired to their arms , and were ready for combat in a moment . militant settlers rangers created the framework for the united states to appropriate native territories and attempt to eradicate indigenous nations across the continent . the second amendment thus reflects this dependence on individual armed men , not just in terms of a right to bear arms , but also as a requirement to bear arms , which was crucial to the integrity of the state and the conception of security achieved through a relationship between state and citizen . in 1783 , the british withdrew from the fight to maintain sovereignty over their thirteen colonies , not due to military defeat , but rather in order to redirect their resources to occupy and colonize south asia . britain s transfer of its claim to indian country west of the colonies spelled a nightmarish disaster for all indigenous peoples east of the mississippi , and ultimately all of north america that would be claimed and occupied by the united states . britain s withdrawal in 1783 opened a new chapter of unrestrained racist violence and colonization of the continent . the creation of the u . s . constitution began in 1785 , but the document was not approved by all the states and in effect until 1791 . meanwhile , the interim continental congress got to work on a plan for colonization over the mountain range . the land ordinance of 1785 established a centralized system for surveying and distributing land , with seized native lands being auctioned off to the highest bidder . the northwest ( referring to the ohio country ) ordinance of 1787 set forth a colonization procedure for annexation via military occupation , transforming to civilian territorial status under federal control , and , finally , statehood . these were the first laws of the incipient republic , revealing the motive for those desiring independence . it was the blueprint for the taking of the north american continent , with lines of future settlement reaching the pacific on the maps . the maps contained in the land ordinances , which laid out land in marketable square - mile plots , were not new ; they were the products of pre - revolutionary colonial elites , including george washington , who as leader of the virginia militia took armed surveying teams illegally into ohio country , making him one of the most successful land speculators in the colonies . the wealthiest colonists were all speculators ; acquiring land and enslaving people provided the very basis of the economy of the first nation born as a capitalist state , and by 1850 , it was the wealthiest economy in the world . in 1801 , president thomas jefferson aptly described the new settler - state s intentions for horizontal and vertical continental expansion as an empire for liberty , stating : however our present interests may restrain us within our own limits , it is impossible not to look forward to distant times , when our rapid multiplication will expand itself beyond those limits and cover the whole northern , if not the southern continent , with a people speaking the same language , governed in similar form by similar laws . this vision of manifest destiny found form a few years later in the monroe doctrine , signaling the intention of annexing or dominating former spanish colonial territories in the americas and the pacific , which would be put into practice during the rest of the century , while carrying out brutal wars of extermination and expulsion of native peoples to complete the continental shape of the united states today . britain s transfer of its claim to indian country west of the colonies spelled a nightmarish disaster for all indigenous peoples east of the mississippi , and ultimately all of north america . taking land by force was not an accidental or spontaneous project or the work of a few rogue characters . the violent appropriation of native land by white settlers was seen as an individual right in the second amendment of the u . s . constitution , second only to freedom of speech . male colonial settlers had long formed militias for the purpose of raiding and razing indigenous communities and seizing their lands and resources , and the native communities fought back . virginia , the first colony , forbade any man to travel unless he was well armed . a few years later , another law required men to take arms with them to work and to attend church or be fined . in 1658 , the colony ordered every settler home to have a functioning firearm , and later even provided government loans for those who could not afford to buy a weapon . similarly , new england colonial governments made laws such as the 1632 requirement that each person have a functioning firearm plus two pounds of gunpowder and ten pounds of bullets . householders were fined for missing or defective arms and ammunition . no man was to appear at a public meeting unarmed . 4 these laws stayed on the books of the earliest colonies and were created in new colonies as they were founded . the second amendment , ratified in 1791 , enshrined these obligations as constitutional law : a well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms , shall not be infringed . the continuing significance of that freedom specified in the bill of rights reveals the settler - colonialist cultural roots of the united states that appear even in the present as a sacred right . several of the colonies that declared independence in 1776 massachusetts , new hampshire , new jersey , pennsylvania , vermont , and virginia had already adopted individual gun rights measures into their state constitutions before the second amendment was passed at the federal level . settler - militias and armed households were institutionalized for the destruction and control of native peoples , communities , and nations . with the expansion of plantation agriculture , by the late 1600 s they were also used as slave patrols , forming the basis of the u . s . police culture after enslaving people was illegalized . that is the inseparable other half of the settler - colonial reality that is implicit in the second amendment . the first enslaved africans to be shipped to britain s first colony of the eventual thirteen colonies that became the united states took place in 1619 , when twenty bonded africans arrived in virginia . most of the labor being used in the first decade of the colony was made up of british and other europeans who had indentured themselves for varying lengths of time , but african slavery was different . as howard zinn points out : some historians think those first blacks in virginia were considered as servants , like the white indentured servants brought from europe . but the strong probability is that , even if they were listed as servants ( a more familiar category to the english ) , they were viewed as being different from white servants , were treated differently , and in fact were slaves . george washington took armed surveying teams illegally into ohio country , making him one of the most successful land speculators in the colonies . other scholars have presumed that the british settlers in north america were reluctant to enslave africans , but that too seems a spurious notion . when the doctrine of discovery promulgated by the vatican in the mid - fifteenth century legalized the portuguese capture and enslavement of the people of west africa , the trans - atlantic slave trade took off , first within european markets . then , in 1492 , it reached the caribbean , and had been in effect for over a century when the virginia seaboard was wrenched from the indigenous farmers by english usurpers . from the mid - fifteenth century to the mid - twentieth century , most of the non - european world was colonized under the doctrine of discovery , one of the first principles of international law promulgated by christian european monarchies to legitimize investigating , mapping , and claiming lands belonging to peoples outside europe . it originated in a papal bull issued in 1455 that permitted the portuguese monarchy to seize west africa for enslaving those who lived there . following columbus s infamous exploratory voyage in 1492 , sponsored by the king and queen of the infant spanish state , another papal bull extended similar permission to spain . disputes between the portuguese and spanish monarchies led to the papal - initiated treaty of tordesillas ( 1494 ) , which , besides dividing the globe equally between the two iberian empires , clarified that only non - christian lands fell under the discovery doctrine . this doctrine , on which all european states relied , thus originated with the arbitrary and unilateral establishment of the iberian monarchies exclusive rights under christian canon law to colonize , enslave , and exterminate foreign peoples , and these were later embraced by other european monarchical colonizing projects , such as the british in north america . the only barrier to introducing slavery in virginia and all the other colonies would have been economic , not ethical . the southern colonies emerged in territory that had been one of seven original birthplaces of agriculture in the world tens of thousands of years before , developed by the muskogee and other indigenous agricultural societies . appropriated by european settlers , these lands would become economies based on enslaved african labor and increasingly on breeding enslaved people for profit , with the indigenous farmers forced to the peripheries . at the time of u . s . independence , half the population of south carolina was made up of enslaved africans , with the other agribusiness colonies having large enslaved populations as well . by the late seventeenth century , onerous slave codes had been developed , which included mandatory slave patrols drawn from the already existing militias . new england colonial governments made laws such as the 1632 requirement that each person have a functioning firearm plus two pounds of gunpowder and ten pounds of bullets . the wealthy slavers of the southern colonies , particularly those in virginia , were most incensed by the british proclamation following the french and indian war prohibiting expansion over the appalachian ridge , since their wealth relied on accessing more and more land as they depleted the soils with intensive monocrop production for the market . they defied the proclamation , taking survey teams into the ohio country to map the territory for future settlement , which by definition meant the extension and expansion of slavery . by the time he was in his mid - twenties , george washington was already a notoriously successful slaver and land speculator in unceded indian lands . washington and the other founders of the united states designed a governmental and economic structure to serve the private property interests of each and all of the primary actors , nearly all of them slavers and land speculators , with the brilliant alexander hamilton as the genius of finance . like the indian - killing militias that continued and intensified as the united states appropriated more land for slavers , slave patrols grew accordingly . the ethnic cleansing of native americans complete , slavers with their reserve of capital and enslaved labor transformed the mississippi valley into the cotton kingdom that formed the basis for u . s . capitalism and world trade . in the words of harvard historian walter johnson : the extension of slavery into the mississippi valley gave an institution that was in decline at the end of the eighteenth century new life in the nineteenth . in 1800 , there were around 100 , 000 slaves living within the boundaries of the present - day states of mississippi and louisiana ; in 1840 , there were more than 250 , 000 ; in 1860 , more than 750 , 000 . 9 the militaristic - capitalist powerhouse that the united states became by 1840 derived from real estate ( which included enslaved africans , as well as appropriated land ) . the united states was founded as a capitalist state and an empire on conquered land , with capital in the form of slaves , hence the term chattel slavery ; this was exceptional in the world and has remained exceptional . the capitalist firearms industry was among the first successful modern corporations . gun proliferation and gun violence today are among its legacies . roxanne dunbar - ortiz is the author of an indigenous peoples history of the united states ( beacon , 2014 ) and other works on the history of indigenous peoples . this article is adapted from loaded : a disarming history of the second amendment ( city lights , 2018 ) . used with permission . this article previously appeared in monthly review and portside . notes 1 ) for the central role of george washington as a land speculator and colonial militia leader in the french and indian war , see william hogeland , autumn of the black snake : the creation of the u . s . army and the invasion that opened the west ( new york : farrar , straus and giroux , 2017 ) , 3 80 . 2 ) john grenier , the first way of war : american war making on the frontier , 1607 1814 ( new york : cambridge university press , 2005 ) , 147 . 3 ) joseph doddridge , notes on the settlement and indian wars of the western parts of virginia and pennsylvania from 1763 to 1783 , inclusive , together with a review of the state of society and manners of the first settlers of the west country ( clearfield , pa : clearfield , 2012 ) , 109 10 . 4 ) james lindgren , fall from grace : arming america and the bellesiles scandal , yale law journal 111 , no . 8 ( 2002 ) : 2195 248 . 5 ) howard zinn , a people s history of the united states ( new york : harpercollins , 1995 ) , 23 . 6 ) robert j . miller , the international law of colonialism : a comparative analysis , in symposium of international law in indigenous affairs : the doctrine of discovery , the united nations , and the organization of americans states , special issue of lewis and clark law review 15 , no . 4 ( 2011 ) , 847 922 . see also vine deloria jr . , of utmost good faith ( san francisco : straight arrow , 1971 ) , 6 39 ; steven t . newcomb , pagans in the promised land : decoding the doctrine of christian discovery ( golden , co : fulcrum , 2008 ) . 7 ) domestication of plants took place around the globe in seven locales during approximately the same period , around 8500 bc . three of the seven were in the americas , all based on corn : the valley of mexico and central america ( mesoamerica ) ; the south - central andes in south america ; and eastern north america . the other original agricultural centers were the tigris - euphrates and nile river systems , sub - saharan africa , the yellow river of northern china , and the yangtze river of southern china . 8 ) hogeland , autumn of the black snake , 19 44 . 9 ) walter johnson , river of dark dreams : slavery and empire in the cotton kingdom ( cambridge , ma : harvard university press , 2013 ) , 32
the peace movement must recognize that war is an instrument of class rule , and that we have to overthrow this enemy and build and new society , on a new basis , said ajamu baraka ,
the plans for the rebuilding of puerto rico are similar to what was done in new orleans after the devastation of hurricane katrina in 2005 .
3 little words ( for 2 egs ) , a poem by raymond nat turner one to three three on one life hanging on tatted arms of a windpipe - crushing nazi thug 3 little words 12 letters 11 times not artful air escaping sides of a saxophonist s mouth song for her father fire - breathing , bullhorn blues shouter ; drum major marching , meeting , texting , tweeting , writing : raising roofs of consciousness ; standing up , sitting - in , dying - in , boycotting , blockading , refusing rest ; chasing the fugitive : justice one to three three on one not a broken bicycle pump or blacksmith s bellows 3 little words 12 letters 11 times not codetalker father to daughter membership in the club wanting no new members club never giving her space , to catch her breath know how it feels to breathe free instead of crying herself to sleep listening for footsteps of justice one to three three on one heart attack asthma cancer coma her carryons boarding nonstops , tearing her heart into a thousand tender shards 3 little words 12 letters 11 times codetalker daughter to father : please put politicians thoughts and prayers out with promises and dirty diapers all rights reserved 2018 , raymond nat turner . our poet in residence , raymond nat turner is an accalimed performing artist . find much more of his work at < URL >
view gallery the boston celtics are traveling out to the west coast to battle it out with their longtime rival la lakers . the rivalry dates back to the days of magic vs . bird and has only grown with kobe vs . the big 3 . now its time to start a new era in the lakers celtics rivalry with names like irving , tatum , ball , and ingram . this is a prove em game for the lakers who are on a hot streak winning two in a row and adding another big w against the c s could do wonders moving forward . the celtics are trying to snap out of a funk themselves , and a nice win in la might do just to trick . the boston celtics ( 34 - 13 ) are currently on a three - game losing streak as they fly into the staples center . the celtics are coming off a four - game home stand where they went 1 - 3 , so this west coast trip will do a lot for how they finish this first half of the season . boston is lead by kyrie irving who s having himself one heck of season averaging 24 . 5 points al horford is low key been leading the celtics in assists , rebounds , and steals per game , both of them are going to have to show up to beat the lakers . the los angeles lakers ( 17 - 29 ) are fresh off their second win in a row and 5 th straight at home after blowing out the knicks by 20 the lakers might be without 2 nd overall pick lonzo ball for this one ; ball leads the team with 7 . 1 assists and rebound per game . lucky for the lakers they will be with their top two scorers with kyle kuzman and brandon ingram who are averaging 16 . 4 and 15 . 7 points per game respectively . luke walton is trying his best to win with an extremely young roster with the only true veteran being brook lopez who has brought excellent leadership to the team . the lakers future is bright , and they want to show the celtics that they aren t going to be in the cellar of the league for long . celtics vs . lakers : game time , tv channel viewing details event : celtics vs . lakers date : tuesday , january 23 , 2018 start time : 10 : 30 p . m . est location : stapels center in los angeles , california broadcast : tnt how to watch the celtics vs . lakers live stream online your best bet for watching the skills competition online via live stream is at watchtnt where you will need to sign in with a log in and password for your cable provider . if you don t have access to a cable or satellite log - in , you can live stream the game online through directv now . directv offers a free seven - day trial , so you ll receive a full seven days free before your paid membership begins . if you cancel your subscription within the week , you will not be charged . directv now is available on desktop , apple tv , amazon fire tv and chromecast . if you don t have access to a cable or satellite log - in , you can watch the show through sling tv . sling tv is service that allows subscribers to watch live and on - demand tv channels on tvs , computer or mobile device for a monthly fee . it s just like a cable or satellite tv service , except it s delivered over the internet . the service s orange package includes foX and costs 20 a month , but you can sign up for a free seven - day trial . if you cancel your subscription within a week , you will not be charged . once signed up , simply download the app for your computer to start watching . how to watch the celtics vs . lakers on your tablet or mobile device you can live stream the game on the watchtnt app . you can download the foxsportsgo app on google play , amazon , itunes , and the windows store . the fox sports go app is also available on the following devices : apple tv , roku , android tv and fire tv . how to live the celtics vs . lakers online without cable subscription you can also live stream the game through sling tv free trial . just click on the sling website and click watch now 7 days free for the free trial . choose the sling orange package , which costs 20 per month and comes with espn , along with many other sports channels .
when the news broke that stephanie clifford , aka stormy daniels , had an extramarital affair with donald trump ( during melania s pregnancy ) , it was revealed she was paid 130 , 000 to keep silent . trump s lawyer michael cohen has continuously tried to blame the media and their false narrative and has consistently denied there was any sexual relationship . however , it s really hard to believe that especially when cohen attempted to pay clifford in the most shadiest of ways . the wall street journal reported that not only was clifford paid 130 , 000 , but she was paid through a company that was created shortly before election day in 2016 . the lawyer , michael cohen , established essential consultants llc , on oct . 17 , 2016 , just before the 2016 presidential election , corporate documents show . mr . cohen , who is based in new york , then used a bank account linked to the entity to send the payment to the client - trust account of a lawyer representing the woman , stephanie clifford , one of the people said . there are several things about this transaction that are curious . looking at the timing of the transaction , it s obvious it was paid at a precarious time for the trump campaign . trump s campaign had weathered several scandals including the access hollywood scandal . trump didn t need another one , so a payment of 130 , 000 from trump would make sense . now , the wall street journal notes something very important . cohen was based in new york ; however , he opened a business in delaware . why according to wsj , delaware does not require the names of managers of businesses to be disclosed . they wrote : mr . cohen s decision to establish the company in delaware offered him privacy and simplicity , hallmarks of a state that has attracted more than one million business entities . so , finding cohen s ties to the company would not be easily done . however , cohen did put himself down as an authorized person for essential consultants llc , so his name showed up on the formation documents . why would anyone pay 130 , 000 to someone through a fake company in a state that protects the identities of business owners for any other reason than a bribe to keep silent there s literally no other explanation to give . funnily enough , cohen has not said very much about the actual payment . however , he has denied there was ever any sexual relationship between trump and clifford . in emails to the journal last week , mr . cohen didn t address the 130 , 000 payment but said of the alleged sexual encounter that president trump once again vehemently denies any such occurrence as has ms . clifford . he also declined to discuss essential consultants , and asked the journal to cease wasting my time . cohen and the trump administration can deny the allegations until they are blue in the face . however , it s too shady of a deal . trump would never pay someone 130 , 000 just for the hell of it . he s bragged about never settling in court . he would only make such a deal if he had something important to gain from it . buying clifford s silence would be beyond important . anyone with a drop of common sense can see right through the sham they are presenting to the american people . featured image by drew angerer / getty images .
a cancer diagnosis never comes at the right time . but for children , it can be so much worse . the life - threatening illness makes children contemplate their own mortality . and while this can inspire people to seize life while they have it , it can also be very depressing . but when people step up to the challenge and do everything they can to battle cancer and win , then they can face life with a whole new kind of courage and bravery . and that s what happened to gunner miller . after cancer put this rising football star on the sidelines for two years , his father , who also happened to be the high school football coach , decided to put gunner back in the game for the first time since he started fighting cancer . and gunner was there to play the final snap of the team s championship game . ever since doctors told gunner he had ewing s sarcoma back in 2015 , he has been getting treated and was too weakened from the rare type of cancer of his bones to play football . gunner s energy was spent enduring hours of therapy and rehab throughout most of 2015 and 2016 . and as a result , gunner was not allowed to play football for those seasons . only on thursday , a few days before christmas 2017 did his father allow him to suit up and play during the high school s biggest game of the season . they were matched up against their rivals brock high school and were playing for the class 3 a division i title game . the stakes were high , and gunner wanted to win . gunner went into remission in august after he had surgery to remove a tumor . his father , who coaches the team , did not want his son in the game . but gunner s teammates demanded that he play . it wasn t even my idea . it was his teammates idea , jeff miller told the telegram following the game . they came up to me and said , hey , would you be willing to do this they didn t have to ask me twice . brock high was destroying gunner s team . they had taken a 21 - 0 lead after just one quarter . but rockdale climbed back and scored four touchdowns to go into halftime 21 - 28 . and as gunner stepped in for the final play , he helped ensure they were victorious . in the end , the rockdale tigers were crowned football state champions for the first time in four decades . gunner took a knee to win the game . we ve dealt with adversity for so long and so often that we know a football game , a football season and life are going to be rough on you sometimes , jeff miller said as he wept . with the championship won , the millers celebrated christmas with their family in texas . some mailonline readers shared their thoughts about gunner s victory . there it is . the oNLY time a player should take a knee at a football game . this is what team sports are really about . building strength of both body and character . my dad used to coach boxing , and would have been in tears too if that were me . what is your reaction to this christmas miracle
sometimes the power of christmas will make you do wild and wonderful things . you do not need to believe in the holy trinity to believe in the positive power of doing good for others . the simple act of giving without receiving is lost on many of us these days , as worries about money and success hold us back from giving to others who are in need . one congregation in ohio was moved to action by the power of a sermon given at their church on christmas eve . the pastor at grand lake united methodist church in celina , ohio gave an emotional sermon about the importance of understanding the message of jesus . for many religious people the message of jesus is to help others before yourself , to make sure the people who are suffering get the help they need to enjoy life a little bit . the sermon was really about generosity and what that can look like in our lives . jesus lived a long time ago and he acted generously in the fashion of his time but what would a generous act look like in our times that was the focus of the sermon . the potency of the sermon was not lost on the congregation , who were so moved they had to take action after the sermon ended , the congregation decided to take an offering . a bowl was passed around the room and everyone pitched in what they could on this christmas eve with the words of the sermon still ringing in their ears . what did they do with this offering members of the congregation drove down to the local waffle house to visit the ladies working the night shift . what a great choice on this most holy of days when everyone should be with their families the ladies working at waffle house clearly were not with their families . they had no choice but to work on this holy day because it paid the bills . the congregation understood the sacrifice being made by these ladies , and wanted to help them out . they donated the entire offering to be split amongst the ladies at waffle house . in total that amounted to 3 , 500 being split amongst the staff . what a beautiful moment what a perfect example of what the preacher was talking about in his sermon doing a good deed like this on christmas really helped ease the burden felt by the ladies working at waffle house . sure , they could not see their families , but at least they got a little gift from the good people of their community . perhaps the best part about this whole event was that the congregation did not ask anything in return . it was a simple act of generosity from people who understood the pain being felt by another group and sought to alleviate some of that pain . it speaks volumes about the merits of the church in our daily lives . this simple act brought the entire community together because it showed empathy and compassion on the most special day of the year .
one of the worst things that a mother can face , is having an ill or severely disabled child . when joellan huntley was just 15 - years - old , she was in a car accident that left her with a catastrophic brain injury . having been thrown from a car that swerved to avoid a loose dog running along a road in centreville , nova scotia , joellan suffered traumatic injuries . in that same accident , her boyfriend and a young girl who was the sister of the driver were killed . as a result of the crash , joellan s family won a 1 million settlement , however ; by 2014 the family was in a battle with the province s community services department , which was on a mission to get the money back for past and future costs of care . the result of the battle was a settlement that gave the family funds for physiotherapy and equipment that would add to joellan s quality of life . since 1996 , her mother , louise misner , hasn t been able to have the luxury of having a conversation of her daughter , and the now 37 - year - old has spent most of her life unable to walk or talk and she s been fed through a tube . while joellan was able to make sounds to respond to family members , she was unable to communicate any thoughts until now . thanks to technology equipment that she recently received , joellan is able to communicate with her mom via eye motion cameras and software on an ipad . and the best part is that all of this happened on christmas day , proving that christmas miracles really do exist for the nova scotia family . it happened when louise was visiting joellan at the kings regional rehabilitation center in waterville , nova scotia . what seems like a basic conversation between mother and daughter , turned out to be a miracle . louise had told joellan that she liked the christmas outfit that she was wearing . joellan then used the technology to find an icon for a long - sleeve shirt to respond to her mom . christmas miracle , said louise , who had been longing for this exchange for years . it was god s way of telling me that she s finally achieved what she needed to since the accident . according to joellan s nurses , she is doing well with the new communication system . we had to go through two or three different screens until we found the right one for her and it s called eyegaze , said louise . her eyes focus on the icons to answer questions . i knew she just needed time for technology to catch up with her . when god gives you a child , they are the most precious thing and you never give up on them and you always fight for them . we take for granted the simple things that most of us are able to do on a daily basis like have a conversation with a parent or a child . unfortunately , there are people who don t have that privilege . luckily technology is moving forward at a rapid pace and hopefully , life will only get easier for joellan and her family . they ve certainly been through enough already .
if you are educated in advertising then you probably know a bit about the mind games that advertisers play in order to get their customers to get hooked and become consumers of their products . advertisers are so gifted that they can even make you think that drinking alcohol is healthy and will make you more successful in both the bedroom and the office . when it comes to advertising , it s all about the image . it s for this reason that billboards across america show a sexy woman drinking a martini or a glass of wine , eluding to the fact that she booze will give her liquid courage and make her appear like she s got it all together . the same goes for those old - school cigarette commercials . remember when they made it look like you d instantly transform into a strong and healthy cowboy . considering smokers are much more likely to lose their lives to lung cancer , then these ads are far from believable . a similar trick of the eye scheme was exposed at a fast food restaurant recently , and it was all caught on camera . when one clever person realized that the unknown restaurant was selling three different sized beverages , that were essentially the same size , they decided to film it and show the world exactly how the soda fit into the small , medium and large sizes . yet , the company was selling them for three different prices , the largest one costing the most amount of money of course . in the video , you can see that the three cups are all shaped different , yet they give the appearance that the large is the tallest of the three , as to be expected . but if you look closely , the largest cup has a very narrow bottom , making it appear that it is tall but it is actually very thin at the bottom . the smallest cup appears to be very similar to the medium sized cup , however ; it must be a tad wider than the medium cup in order to fit the same amount . in any event , if you are a lover of fast food , then you should beware of this type of scam . these restaurants are probably making loads of dough all because of this little trick of the eye . be smarter than them and ask to see the cups up close before you make a purchase and decide on a drink size . it may be in your best interest to always pay for a small cup , considering it s essentially the exact same size as the large for the same amount of money . or , you can really be sure and purchase yourself a bottle of soda at a nearby convenience store . there is a good chance that restaurants are doing this type of advertising with their other products as well . maybe that super - sized meal isn t as super - sized as you thought it was . as they say . looks can be deceiving . sometimes it s best to do your homework when it comes to sizes and prices at restaurants before you fork over your hard - earned cash .
one of the most controversial aspects of the trump - russia investigation is the steele dossier and the company , fusion gps , who called for the creation of the steele dossier . republicans swear it s fake news . democrats assert it s proof that an investigation into trump s wheelings and dealings is called for . when fusion gps owner , glenn simpson , testified before the house intelligence committee , he made some serious allegations . thanks to the release of the transcript by house democrats , we re getting a look at those allegations , and they are indeed serious . sen . dianne feinstein also released the senate transcript of their interview with simpson . the most serious allegation appears to be the allegation that trump conducted several business deals that appeared to researchers as russian money laundering . rep . adam schiff ( d - ca ) asked simpson about how the russians launder money and if he found any evidence of money laundering through trump . simpson answered : i think a lot of what we found is subsequently there have been similar articles published . evidence , i think we saw patterns of buying and selling that we thought were suggestive of money laundering . simpson went on to explain that , as researchers , they notice patterns that indicate money laundering , which included the buying and selling of real estate . he then presented several facts that seem to support the allegation that russia was laundering money through trump . simpson described a russian gangster , who went by taiwanchik , who either lived in trump tower or had his associates living in trump tower . we had a gangster named taiwanchik living in trump tower who had been under i m sorry , he was i think he was running a his associates were living in trump tower , and he was running a high - stakes gambling ring out of trump tower , while he himself was a fugitive for having rigged the skating competition at the salt lake olympics and a bunch of other sporting events engaged in rigging . furthermore , simpson noted this russian gangster attended trump s miss universe pageant in 2013 and sat in the Vip section alongside trump and other kremlin officials . interestingly enough , preet bharara was prosecuting a case against taiwanchik . bharara was fired by trump in 2017 . he noted that the patterns they noticed that suggested money laundering were quick deals made by individuals who attempted to veil their identity . those deals were a decade ago . however , simpson also noted there were still existing projects that reeked of fraud . specifically a project in panama , the one in toronto . those both got a lot of fraud associated with them , a lot of fraud allegations , a lot of activity that i would say smacks of fraud , and a lot of russian mafia figures listed as buyers who may or may not have actually put money into it . researchers were also concerned about trump s golf courses in scotland and ireland . you know , the golf courses trump is always bragging about . simpson noted that hundreds of millions of dollars came in from unknown sources , and eric trump once bragged about having unlimited amounts of money available for their golf course projects . hilariously , he went on to say his research suggested trump was really not a billionaire and couldn t do the things he s bragged about doing . so , you know , if you re familiar with donald trump s finances and the litigation over whether he s really a billionaire , you know , there s good reason to believe he doesn t have enough money to do this and that he would have had to have outside financial support for these things . the 165 - page document goes on to reveal more serious allegations . what it does provide though is further proof an in - depth investigation into trump s ties to russia must continue . if there was no collusion to swing the 2016 presidential election in trump s favor , there is still a massive amount of findings that suggest trump worked with russians in a money laundering scheme . featured image by thierry chesnot / getty images .
when the news broke that stephanie clifford , aka stormy daniels , had an extramarital affair with donald trump ( during melania s pregnancy ) , it was revealed she was paid 130 , 000 to keep silent . trump s lawyer michael cohen has continuously tried to blame the media and their false narrative and has consistently denied there was any sexual relationship . however , it s really hard to believe that especially when cohen attempted to pay clifford in the most shadiest of ways . the wall street journal reported that not only was clifford paid 130 , 000 , but she was paid through a company that was created shortly before election day in 2016 . the lawyer , michael cohen , established essential consultants llc , on oct . 17 , 2016 , just before the 2016 presidential election , corporate documents show . mr . cohen , who is based in new york , then used a bank account linked to the entity to send the payment to the client - trust account of a lawyer representing the woman , stephanie clifford , one of the people said . there are several things about this transaction that are curious . looking at the timing of the transaction , it s obvious it was paid at a precarious time for the trump campaign . trump s campaign had weathered several scandals including the access hollywood scandal . trump didn t need another one , so a payment of 130 , 000 from trump would make sense . now , the wall street journal notes something very important . cohen was based in new york ; however , he opened a business in delaware . why according to wsj , delaware does not require the names of managers of businesses to be disclosed . they wrote : mr . cohen s decision to establish the company in delaware offered him privacy and simplicity , hallmarks of a state that has attracted more than one million business entities . so , finding cohen s ties to the company would not be easily done . however , cohen did put himself down as an authorized person for essential consultants llc , so his name showed up on the formation documents . why would anyone pay 130 , 000 to someone through a fake company in a state that protects the identities of business owners for any other reason than a bribe to keep silent there s literally no other explanation to give . funnily enough , cohen has not said very much about the actual payment . however , he has denied there was ever any sexual relationship between trump and clifford . in emails to the journal last week , mr . cohen didn t address the 130 , 000 payment but said of the alleged sexual encounter that president trump once again vehemently denies any such occurrence as has ms . clifford . he also declined to discuss essential consultants , and asked the journal to cease wasting my time . cohen and the trump administration can deny the allegations until they are blue in the face . however , it s too shady of a deal . trump would never pay someone 130 , 000 just for the hell of it . he s bragged about never settling in court . he would only make such a deal if he had something important to gain from it . buying clifford s silence would be beyond important . anyone with a drop of common sense can see right through the sham they are presenting to the american people . featured image by drew angerer / getty images .
russia was able to dig for vulnerabilities in software used by the us government , according to reuters . sap , symantec and mcafee , which all sell their business and security software to clients around the world , allowed russian authorities to dig into their code , reuters reported . that ' s a concern since us federal agencies also use the software , and russian knowledge of those vulnerabilities presents a security risk , said us lawmakers and security experts cited by reuters . in order for the companies to operate in russia , they had to allows local authorities to look at the code , reuters said . the revelation comes amid increased chatter over russia ' s potential influence over the us presidential election and an overall concern that we ' re all increasingly vulnerable to cyberattacks . reuters said it didn ' t find any instances where knowledge of the source code played a role in a cyberattack . spokesmen for sap , symantec and mcafee weren ' t available for comment .
making his directorial debut with the critically acclaimed film get out , jordan peele has announced himself as a force to be reckoned with in an industry where directors of color are rarely given a chance to shine . from his early days as a sketch comedian to his recent oscar nomination , we sat down with the 38 - year - old to discuss his career , life , and newfound success . 1 . you released your first feature film this year , get out . were you surprised by all the critical acclaim it got to be perfectly honest , i was very surprised first and foremost , get out is all just an allegory for the 1987 world series . the main character is the minnesota twins , his white girlfriend is the st . louis cardinals , and racism is baseball . also the deer is the infield fly rule . i m just glad people got that . 2 . you first made it big on key peele with your longtime comedy partner keegan - michael key . what was your experience working with him on the show keegan and i compliment each other really well . keegan actually went blind from looking at porn , and i became completely deaf from working as an sat tutor at a gun range . after we met , we knew we had something special , so we just started filming it . that s how the obama anger - translator sketch was born . 3 . you left key peele behind to try to make get out . what was that process like early on it was tough because when i first told keegan what i wanted to do , he assumed we d be doing the horror stuff together and started pitching me some of the shittiest scary movie ideas i ve ever heard . it was heartbreaking . whether it was , our movie will basically be halloween except mike myers will only kill one horse by accident , or just a detail that he thought was scary like , a big - ass horse dying by accident near some ocean without leaving any clues , it was all a nightmare to listen to . 4 . your wife , chelsea peretti , is also a comedian . how do you avoid competing with each other every morning we challenge each other to write the best joke about the vietnam war to determine who s funnier . chelsea always wins because of her vast knowledge of the effects of agent orange . 5 . do you plan to continue working with keegan - michael key not as a comedy partner , but we might , like , work together at sears or something .
we appreciate your help click here to donate cateGOries cateGOries select category 9 / 11 censored allen west cair nazis children donald trump enemywithin - america enemywithin - foreign halal slaughter islam and the jews islam in america islam in public schools islam nOt islamic britain islamization of the west islamObama islamomania jihad this just the facts laughing at islam military stories muslim animal abuse muslim hate hoaxes muslim invaders muslims against islam muslims vs muslims never hire a muslim persecution of christians pro - america muslims religion of hate say what uncategorized women
gallup released its annual list of the men and women who americans admire most . sitting atop both lists were two liberal icons , barack obama and hillary clinton , respectively . obama and clinton have had long runs at the number one spot , but among the celebrities and politicians who made it on the list were notable republicans . donald trump was the number two most admired man . the president was joined by republicans john mccain and mike pence on the list , along with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu . however , it was the list of most popular women in the world that raised some eyebrows . hillary clinton and michelle obama were number one and number two on the list but three notable republican women made it into the top 10 . 7 . condoleezza rice 8 . melania trump 9 . nikki haley these three beat out beyonc and kate middleton . gallup goes on to note that while obama and hillary have had the top spots for years , their popularity has taken a big hit . clinton s and obama s standings this year are more tenuous than in the past . the 9 who name clinton is the lowest percentage she has received since 2002 , when 7 named her in another close first - place finish . clinton won the title this year in the same poll she registered a personal low favorable rating . this indicates she remains top of mind for enough people who like her to be named more than any other woman in response to the open - ended question , finishing ahead of some women who may be better liked overall but are not as prominent in people s minds . the percentage of adults naming obama as the most admired man is down from 22 last year , but he has been at or near 17 in several other years . here is the full list :
one of president donald trump s regular pastimes is pointing out what those in the fake news media are doing wrong . on a fairly regular basis , white house press secretary sarah huckabee sanders follows suit . greatest story of the year : booming realdonaldtrump economy . worst prediction for the year : pic . twitter . com / b6pgzp48zm sarah sanders ( presssec ) december 29 , 2017 here is the official audio showing wsj misquoting potus pic . twitter . com / wvwoafykhg sarah sanders ( presssec ) january 14 , 2018 here is the official audio showing wsj misquoting potus pic . twitter . com / wvwoafykhg sarah sanders ( presssec ) january 14 , 2018 we first contacted the wsj friday morning and asked for a correction . they repeatedly refused to issue one despite clear audio evidence they ' d misquoted potus . < URL > sarah sanders ( presssec ) january 14 , 2018 but she is also willing to give credit where credit is due . on saturday , she praised the washington post for recognizing the trump economy : " the united states suddenly finds itself at a place where almost everyone who wants a job can find one raising the prospect of higher wages . " - washington post on the booming realdonaldtrump economy sarah sanders ( presssec ) january 13 , 2018 and on sunday morning , she delivered similar praise to the new york times : the american economy hasn t experienced this kind of fierce competition for workers since the late 1990 s and early 2000 s , the last time the unemployment rate was this low . - ny times even for the critics it ' s becoming harder to deny the success of year one of trump presidency sarah sanders ( presssec ) january 14 , 2018 who s next
donald trump opened himself to the white house press corps for the first time after democratic lawmakers leaked his controversial s * * * hole comments to the media last week , and delivered yet another exchange with reporters in the process . trump held a brief avail with the press in the oval office tuesday afternoon while meeting with president nursultan nazarbayev of kazakhstan . trump touted economic achievement over the last couple months of his administration , noting the historically low black unemployment numbers and the return of manufacturing jobs . after the comments , trump thanked the press for being there . as staffers asked the press to leave the oval office , a barrage of questions were shouted at the president . many were shouted by Cnn white house correspondent jim acosta . acosta loudly asked about norway and steve bannon , causing the white house staff to reprimand him with a quick jim , thank you . please exit . thanks , everyone . trump , for his part , had a one word response to acosta s questioning : out . acosta tweeted after being forced out that staff were yelling at him : watCh :
the physician to the president navy rear adm . ronny jackson said during tuesday s white house press briefing that president donald trump requested , then aced , a cognitive ability exam . watCh : reporters have suggested for months that trump is mentally unstable , and nBC s hallie jackson was quick to ask about the president s mental health during the briefing . trump was not initially supposed to receive a cognitive exam during his first presidential trip to the doctor , but dr . jackson said that trump specifically requested the exam himself . i had absolutely no concerns about his cognitive ability or his you know , neurological function , jackson asserted . i was not going to do a cognitive exam . i had no intention of doing one . the reason we did the cognitive assessment is plain and simple because the president asked me to do it . jackson then explained that the president did exceedingly well on the exam and he has no reasons to question his mental ability . the president did exceedingly well on it , jackson assured reporters . that was not driven at all by any concerns i had . it was driven by the president s wishes and he did well on it .
louis burke culture contact there s no denying the date of australia day is a controversial subject for all that call the island nation home . in a bold yet completely predictable move that has angered many , radio station triple j decided to move their iconic hottest 100 countdown from australia day to the fourth saturday of january . one man staunch in his beliefs the date should remain is refrigeration specialist jordan freeman ( 36 ) who says he will be boycotting the hottest 100 , a daring move considering he only listens to pantera . freeman insists that changing the date of the countdown is a sign of crude disrespect , which is why he will be listening to songs such as psycho holiday , slaughtered and suicide note pt ii instead . i won t be listening to triple j because that s denying our history when you change the date . pantera doesn t deny any history . have you seen the amount of confederate flags at their concerts according to freeman , it is people like him who will lead to the radio stations downfall , even though they haven t listened to the station since high school , they aren t afraid to share their opinion online using a skeleton giving an obscene hand gesture as their photo . although freeman admits he has not given the radio station a good listen since they stopped playing songs from a vulgar display of power , his boycott will still have some effect as he spends australia day in his garage jamming out with his mates who all have matching Rip dimebag tattoos . mate , i listened to the j back when it was double j . they play pussy music now and care about political correctness , but pantera keeps on rocking no matter how many band members get shot
clancy overell editor contact a bloke that everyone just assumed would glide into a professional sporting career , or some other role that demanded respect from nerds , has actually proven that high school social status is so very very irrelevant in the greater scheme of thing . at 28 , the once legendary bully named michael harby who had the hottest girlfriend who he used to cheat on , is actually at the bottom of the barrel when it comes to post school performances . and ironically , he can t make through to lunch without smoking a huge cone . now , between fleeting work throwing shit into a skip bin and hundreds of chances working for his old man he couldn t be more of a fuck up . it s so funny . in fact the highlight of michael s life so far has been briefly thinking he had knocked up a chick from the local leagues club accidentally . while reminiscing about the good old days , as he often does , in the granny flat underneath his parent s house michael realises he ll never be as powerful and as important as he was when he was humiliating loser stoners in front of girls at m block . haha . fucken nerds he says [ bong pull ]
california here we come january 24 , 2018 california residents celebrated new year ' s with the state legalizing " recreational marijuana . " state and local politicians were thinking of ways to spend the enhanced tax revenue they will receive . thousands of marijuana shop business license applications were submitted for approval . everything will now be wonderful . people will start being nice to each other again , the sun will shine , and everything will be groovy . what could go wrong before you could say , " contact high , " u . s . attorney general jeff sessions announced that he was revoking an obama era department of justice memo that instructed its u . s . attorneys to not enforce federal marijuana laws in those states that had legalized the drug for medicinal use . ah , bummer , dude . not only has california defied the federal government by declaring itself a " sanctuary state " for illegal aliens , now it ' s legalizing recreational marijuana i can hear ag sessions at a staff meeting declaring , " california , here we come . " for anyone considering investing in or opening a recreational marijuana business , i have a question : ever hear of federal civil and criminal forfeiture laws if ag sessions proceeds with unleashing dea in states that legalized the cultivation , possession , sale , and use of marijuana , it could be a rapid end to this budding enterprise ( pun intended ) . all real property , proceeds , equipment , vehicles , cash , and other assets gained from marijuana sales or used to facilitate marijuana dispensaries are subject to civil or criminal forfeiture . if the government can show that the owner of a building knew he was renting it to a marijuana business , the building would be subject to forfeiture . think that might deter a landlord from leasing his building to a pot business obviously , if a weed business owner buys his own building , it would be subject to forfeiture also . the rush to purchase otherwise useless land for the thousands of marijuana " farms " cropping up in california , oregon , washington , alaska , colorado and other states is also subject to forfeiture . i will go so far as to say that any tax money received by state and local governments is also subject to civil forfeiture , including anything purchased with the tax money . need a slightly used fire engine state and local governments need to sober up and face reality . it is still a federal crime to grow , possess , and distribute marijuana , a schedule i drug according to the controlled substance act . they need to realize that any additional money in taxes they receive could easily be spent on drug rehabilitation programs , increased fatal drugged driving collisions , industrial accidents , civil litigation and the like . know what a conspiracy is it ' s when two or more people agree to commit a crime , like selling marijuana . it doesn ' t matter what someone ' s role in the conspiracy was , the fact you ' re involved makes you liable for the future crimes of all the other members of the conspiracy the moment you join it . anyone who tends a marijuana farm , drives the weed to the dispensaries , fills the shelves with jars of marijuana , waits on customers , sweeps the floor , makes cash bank deposits or does anything else to facilitate the sale of marijuana is guilty of conspiracy in addition to the actual possession and sale of marijuana . a city official who issues a marijuana dispensary business license could also fall in that category . is this farfetched ag sessions has expressed lots of anti - marijuana sentiments . he ' s irritated at california for not cooperating with federal immigration officials . he has a law and order president who wants to end the opioid epidemic and probably believes that marijuana is a gateway drug to heroin use . so , is now the time to invest in the lucrative marijuana business in california and elsewhere i don ' t think so . enjoying your fsm article the family security foundation is a non - profit and we keep bringing you articles because of donors ' generous contributions . your tax - free contribution allows familysecuritymatters . org to continue to be your go to site for national security issues ready to support fsm click here .
lila rose , president of the pro - life group live action , says president trump is off to a promising start on pro - life issues , but she says the president and congress must do what it takes to defund planned parenthood at a time when democrats are voting in favor of infanticide . still in her 20 s , rose has been a leading pro - life activist for a decade , starting when she was 15 . she gained notoriety for videotaping her experiences posing as a pregnant teenager at various planned parenthood facilities . one year into the trump presidency and 45 years since the supreme court legalized abortion , rose gives the administration a decent grade on pro - life issues . i think the last year has been promising . i would use that word , especially the folks that he s surrounded himself with , and the appointments he s made , and the confirming of justice gorsuch . these are good signs , said rose . i think it s good that he showed up to speak from the rose garden at the march for life . i think his appointments are good on [ health and human services ] . the head of the department of justice is now investigating planned parenthood . these are good things , but we really have to achieve the biggest thing , which is stopping the government forcing of taxpayers to fund abortion chains , said rose . we are urging to administration to really lean on congress to make sure they get that bill to ensure that we re not funding the biggest abortion chain ( planned parenthood ) 1 . 5 million every day , added rose . republicans did try to include defunding of planned parenthood in various forms of obamacare repeal or reform legislation , only to be thwarted by the likes of republican sens . susan collins , r - maine , and lisa murkowski , r - alaska . rose worries congress members may be more eager to promise defunding planned parenthood than to actually do it . i am concerned about lip service and i think others in the movement are concerned . this is a really hard thing to do . you basically have to break 50 votes . depending on how the rules are changed or amended , you could get the vice president to weigh in and be the tiebreaker in the senate . there is a path to do it . it s a matter of is this going to be the most important thing for the administration when it comes to upholding the first human right and protecting human life in this country , said rose . the interview : while rose and other pro - life activists pressure lawmakers to make defunding planned parenthood a priority , she is appalled by how democrats approached friday s house vote on the born alive infant protection act . the legislation would require medical personnel to do whatever is possible to save the life of a baby if he or she emerges alive from the mother s womb following an attempted abortion . it reinforces existing policy but also adds criminal penalties , including up to five years in prison for failing to pursue life - saving measures . the bill passed , with all republicans voting for it , but 183 of 189 democrats opposed it . planned parenthood denounced the bill . medical guidelines and ethics already compel physicians facing life - threatening circumstances to respond . doctors and clinicians oppose this law because it prevents them from giving the best care to their patients . the american college of obstetricians and gynecologists strongly opposes this legislation , calling it a gross interference in the practice of medicine , ' said a planned parenthood statement . planned parenthood official dana singiser took it even further . the political agenda here is clear : to take away access to safe , legal abortion , said singiser in the same statement . but rose says the vote just shows how radical democrats are on abortion now . i think it just shows the insanity of the democratic party today , which is really going to hurt them in elections the more word gets out . this bill , the born alive infant protection act , wasn t even about abortion . it was about infanticide . it was about protecting children who have been born and who deserve to be protected , said rose . the fact that democrats in a huge voting bloc , tried to reject a bill that would protect against infanticide is extremely troubling . look , most of the electorate including in the democratic party want at least some restrictions on abortion . that s the majority of democrats , including democrat women , said rose . rose says democrats are increasingly marching to whatever tune planned parenthood is playing . they help elect these people so even though these folks try to mislead voters to say that they were more moderate or they cared about human rights or do what was best once in office , their elections are being funded by planned parenthood . they re going to march to the beat of their drum , even if that beat ultimately includes shooting down protections against infanticide , said rose . one of the major themes at friday s march for life was how science is on the side of the pro - life movement , especially with the advancements in ultrasound technology . rose says the assertions that life begins at birth or that viability should determine personhood are relics . if you create an arbitrary line at birth , then you are killing children who are viable before birth , children that are separated by inches of a birth canal from human rights protections . it s arbitrary . it doesn t make sense , said rose . and she says science changing beliefs about viability as well . viability is being increasingly moved backwards . children can now survive outside the womb with medical assistance a little past 21 weeks . that s incredible . the more we develop our medical technology , the more and more that viability line will change . people are realizing it s an arbitrary line and that life , as science reveals , begins at the moment of conception , said rose . rose says the pro - life movement has a lot of momentum both politically and to some extent in the courts . however , she contends congress needs to seize the momentum and end taxpayer subsidies for planned parenthood to be a true success . she also claims cultural momentum , pointing out that more americans are pro - life , and young people a major reason why . rose also says the personal stories of mothers who carry difficult pregnancies to term and the testimonies of former abortion clinic workers are changing minds around the nation .
the mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen . press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page ( a star icon for some browsers ) . then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen .
two black leaders who were prevented from demonstrating outside the smithsonian african - american history museum against a decades - long genocide carried out against black children through abortion resolved a free - speech case against the federal government in their favor . rev . clenard h . childress jr . , pastor of a black church in the newark , new jersey , area , and jacqueline hawkins , director minority outreach for the non - profit center for bio - ethical reform , filed suit after an official with the national museum of african american history and culture in washington , d . c . , and uniformed police officers from the office of protection services told them they could not stand outside the museum with their sign . the protest in february was part of a project by the center for bio - ethical reform , or cbr , that uses photo - mural exhibits and literature to demonstrate the devastation of abortion s consequences on the african american community . like the reporting you see here sign up for free news alerts from wnd . com , america s independent news network . the parties filed a settlement aug . 30 in which the federal government formally acknowledged that the public sidewalks forming the perimeter of the national museum of african american history and culture are available for first amendment activity . the government also agreed to pay attorney s fees to the nonprofit american freedom law center , which represented the protesters . robert muise , aflc co - founder and senior counsel , said there was no question that our clients had a clear right under the first amendment to engage in their peaceful , non - obstructive free speech activity on the public sidewalks outside of this museum . the government was wrong for denying our clients that right , and they knew it , he said . the other plaintiffs in the lawsuit were cbr and its executive director , gregg cunningham , who was standing by during the incident . childress and hawkins , who direct the cbr project targeting the history museum , testified that when they were told they could not stand outside the museum with their sign , childress responded that they were on a public sidewalk . the senior ops officer warned the two that if they did not move to a remote location across the street , he and his fellow officers would physically move them . the officer also warned that they would be subject to arrest . rather than face arrest or physical force , childress and hawkins followed the officer s order . in june , aflc filed a federal lawsuit in federal court in washington against the museum , ops and several federal officials . shortly after the lawsuit was filed , the justice department contacted aflc attorneys , who confirmed the protesters first amendment rights and stated the federal government wanted to settle the case . david yerushalmi , aflc co - founder and senior counsel , asserted that in addition to being a gross violation of our clients fundamental rights , the actions of the museum officials and their armed security demonstrate the hypocrisy of the left . progressives claim to be for diversity and tolerance , but if you don t march in lockstep with their narrative , they use force and the threat of force to shut you down , he said . here , we were able to use the federal courts to turn that narrative on its head . the suit alleged violations of the first and fifth amendments as well as the federal religious freedom restoration act . disproportionate harm among the signs held by the protesters was one pointing out that while black women are 11 percent of the population , they are victims in 36 percent of abortions . they contend planned parenthood and abortion care have suppressed the black vote more effectively that poll taxes , literacy tests , voter id requirements , and ku klux klan lynchings combined . the signs point out that by 2014 , 18 million african - american babies had been killed , calling it a black genocide . the lawsuit asserted the museum hides from its visitors the fact that abortion is disproportionately harming the african american community and celebrates supporters of abortion . they noted that the museum promotes the black lives matter movement , which the protesters describe as viciously pro - abortion . and they pointed to the museum s celebration of justice thurgood marshall , the first african - american to serve on the u . s . supreme court , who was pro - abortion , while completely ignoring current justice clarence thomas , who is pro - life . like the reporting you see here sign up for free news alerts from wnd . com , america s independent news network .
the website from which you got to this page is protected by cloudflare . email addresses on that page have been hidden in order to keep them from being accessed by malicious bots . you must enable javascript in your browser in order to decode the e - mail address . if you have a website and are interested in protecting it in a similar way , you can sign up for cloudflare .
it is rather hard to write with eclipse glasses on this morning , but i want to be ready , as the old spiritual intones . not ever known for culinary process , i even tried to turn oreos into eclipse cookies . massive fail like many others , i have anticipated this day with a sense of foreboding and wonder . the foreboding is a lot less than the wonder , to be sure . the foreboding in my case has to do with religious quacks that claim a natural scientific event is an act of god s judgment or an apocalyptic event signaling the end of time . that this portent , which happens quite regularly , by the way , has to haul this fake theological freight creates a stumbling block to coherent belief . it is a responsible perspective to hold a worldview that attends to the wisdom of both theology and science . another of these celestial alignments will happen in 2024 , and i suspect many of the same arguments will be in vogue . it will be an election year , so beware some will proclaim that god is judging a godless nation by blotting out the sun , and who knows but this might be the very last chance we have to repent . please understand , i am all for repentance deep , daily and determined . god s call always beckons us to turn around to traverse a more life - giving pathway , but i demur at the heated rhetoric of an interventionist theology that only sees god active in the cataclysmic . god is at work in the regularity of seasons , circadian rhythms and evolutionary trajectories . the old language of calling a brutal storm or other inexplicable event an act of god is receding , thankfully . i do recall when yorkminster cathedral was hit by lightning in 1980 and insurance adjustors and religious figures debated whether to call it a divine action . some concluded that it was because of a liberal bishop ; others were less convinced . it is hard to believe that this language persists . better to see the whole of creation within providential care , even if it is not a tightly controlled oversight . terrible and beautiful things occur , often all mixed up together . god is not absent from any of them , and the presence of suffering provokes interrogation of a benevolent deity . human participation in the unfinished , groaning creation sometimes wreaks more havoc ; it is hard to calculate the extent of our influence for good or evil . wonder far outstrips foreboding , however . i am thrilled by the fervor with which people have planned ahead to secure the best viewing spots . i delight in the ways this astronomical occasion provides teachers with an expansive scientific lesson . i relish the new learning about animal and crop behavior during a solar eclipse , especially as this is a key concern for those of us who live in the plains . i chortle at the kids who tried out their glasses days in advance , just in case . i revel , also , in the capacity of humans to experience wonder . we were made for this , you know . it was rudolf otto , a scholar of religion in the early 20 th century , who wrote about the idea of the holy , contending that each one of us has an inherent response to the numinous realities of life . by numinous he meant a divine power at work that invites us to a sense of mystery , fear and , perhaps , worship . at the heart of the religious impulse is the sense of grandeur of god s creation , the idea that something lies behind the phenomena of earthly processes . a pious christian , otto sought to defend belief from naturalistic tendencies , the argument that the whole of this world can be explained without a theistic hypothesis . it is very instructive for human beings to experience themselves as both infinitesimal and significant , with an appropriate understanding of their place in the scale of our universe . this means we understand that we are latecomers , beneficiaries of a long history that preceded us . we are dependent on all the life forms that have gone before , as well as those that continue to companion humanity today . it also means that the glorious beauty that surrounds us points to a vast intelligence beyond our comprehension . our recognition of both our frailty and magnificent vocation as god s image bearers kindles wonder that god is mindful of us , as psalm 8 states . i hope our experience of this event illumines a spirit of contemplation as we marvel at god s handiwork and the perdurance of an expanding universe . i also hope that we find ever more constructive ways to hold both science and faith in our heart . we must read both books of scripture and of nature . holding them together makes for an informed sense of wonder . related opinion : genius hesitates , both in science and religion scott dickison
as our nation celebrated labor day , giving attention to the role and dignity of workers , we should also consider the role of human agency in accomplishing divine labor . theologians always interrogate such things surely the work of christians is more than simply fueling the engine of capitalism ; meaningful work also participates in god s intention for the world . yet , determining how god is at work in this world is one of the hardest theological challenges . think about the urgent crises confronting us . people of faith pray for deliverance , trusting god to hold back the waters of the sea or help them elude their enemies pushing them over the border in myanmar or rid them of the malignancy growing in their bodies or quell the rising tide of white supremacy . fervent prayer may not create the conditions for which they pray ; however , many continue to trust that god s providence will prevail . we must ask : through what instrumentality reading narratives of deliverance in scripture evokes hope for god s mighty acts to be victorious once again . many preachers and sunday school teachers have followed the lectionary texts from exodus in this extended season after pentecost . we have noted the trickery of shiphrah and puah , the resistance of pharaoh s daughter and miriam , and god s call of moses . we have pondered the extended saga of israel in egypt , questioning why deliverance was long delayed . in these early chapters , the writer declares that god has heard their groaning , and remembered god s covenant , seen the misery of the people , and has come down to rescue them from the power of egypt . the suffering of the people touches the heart of god , although god leans the plans for deliverance upon humans who are themselves part of the oppressed . the means by which god has come down to rescue does not seem very sturdy , and how god will be involved is at question . god s commission to moses is for him to go to pharaoh and bring my people out of egypt . god s promise is very simple : i will be with you , and the proof that it is truly god who sends him is this : when you have brought the people out of egypt , you shall all worship god here on this mountain ( exodus 3 : 12 ) . what it is only after the liberation is accomplished that moses will know who propelled him into this high stakes mission oh my i often hear persons wonder out loud why god does not work in our day as god worked in biblical times . it appears that god does indeed work in the same way , inviting people to shared responsibility for god s handiwork , which we inhabit and stain and heal . i believe that god is always calling humanity to do the needed holy work and that god is the power behind the actions of those courageous enough to trust god . in a world where things can go terribly wrong such as the human evocation of climate change that wreaks havoc god is using every means to mend creation . the incarnation of jesus teaches that god s primary means of conducting redemptive work is through a partnership with humans who were tasked at the beginning to tend god s handiwork . a long , grinding and luminous history of evolution antedates the human arrival , albeit a particular stewardship is required of those whom god has granted dominion . kathryn tanner reminds us that god works in history at a different level than humans . for tanner , divine and human agency are not in competition with one another . because god is not in the same order of being as creatures , god s power is universally extended and is at work in all things . thus , there is no zero - sum game that suggests the more god is at work , the less humans can do and vice versa . tanner , rather , points us to a renewed vision of how the incarnation determines how divine and human agency can be at work in the same person , who is a paradigm for how god chooses to accomplish the divine purpose . she calls us to think about god as gift giver , who not only imbues the christ with holy presence to transform the horizon of human hopes , but makes possible human participation in christ toward the same goal of redemption . her theological vision that christ is the key to what god is doing everywhere in the world guides our thinking about how human work and godly work always interface . through god s humility , we are always ingredient to saving work . in times of challenge , trusting that god is at work empowering humans to work for the good of all is reassuring . it also prompts courageous action . while it is common to think that we are waiting on god , actually both god and others are waiting on us .
a global catastrophe is but two minutes away , according to the doomsday clock , which measures , metaphorically , how long the world has left before it succumbs to a man - made disaster . managed by the bulletin of atomic scientists , a group of scientists and academics , the clock was moved 30 seconds on thursday . the clock s hands had been at two - and - a - half minutes to midnight in 2017 . rachel bronson , bulletin of the atomic scientists ceo , said this year that nuclear weapons and the unpredictability of nations holding them were a major consideration . all of the major weapons states are investing in their nuclear arsenals , said robert rosner , research professor in the department of astrophysics and physics at the university of chicago . north korea s nuclear and missile tests demonstrated an accelerating of building a new generation of weapons of mass destruction . in south asia , the emphasis on missile capabilities grows . the nuclear arsenals of all of the major weapons states are being updated and imbued with enhanced capabilities . the trump administration s nuclear posture review appears likely to increase the types and roles of nuclear weapons in us defense plans , he added . sharon squassoni , from george washington university , said us - russian relations were key element to the board s decision . both countries still possess about 95 percent of the world s nuclear weapons and without bilateral progress there is little incentive for others to move forward . however , for the first time in many years no us - russian nuclear arms control negotiations are underway , squassoni said . if the draft us nuclear posture review is any guide to us policy , there will be no us - russia nuclear arms control negotiations for the foreseeable future . instead we could see a return to a nuclear arms race . set for official release in february , a leaked draft of the us review on nuclear strategies indicated that it will push to develop more low - yield nukes due to concerns over china , iran , and russia s capabilities . for decades the clock has been used as an ominous reminder of how close humanity is to destroying the world . midnight represents total disaster or an apocalypse . originally decided on by bulletin editor eugene rabinowitch , the clock is now in its 71 st year . it s settings are now based on an academic board s view on the advancement of nuclear arms , climate change and artificial intelligence . the doomsday clock originally featured in a magazine back in the 1940 s , when the development of nuclear arms first became a global fear . in its first outing the clock read seven minutes to midnight . the furthest away from midnight it has ever been came in 1991 after the end of the cold war when it struck 17 minutes to midnight . earlier this year , the bulletin s nuclear notebook warned of north korea s nuclear missile potential . based on available information , we cautiously estimate that north korea might have produced sufficient fissile material to build 30 to 60 nuclear weapons , and that it might possibly have assembled 10 to 20 warheads , the report , co - written by federation of american scientists researcher hans m kristensen , stated .
sign up to get blacklisted news delivered right to your inbox enter your email address :
we look forward to reading your article please read thoroughly before submitting material to us blacklisted news is an independent platform for critical coverage of world news and beyond . we don ' t shy away from controversy , and welcome original contributions ( text and visual ) that display new and creative content , excellent writing style , and in - depth analysis . we will publish stories that have appeared in other publications as long as the author currently holds the rights to the story . we do not publish poetry or fiction . before sending your article , please familiarize yourself with the type of stories blacklisted news publishes . submission process to submit a piece or pitch your story , email it to us with the word " submission " in the subject line to tips blacklistednews . com . please include your name with a short biography and links to author blogs / social network sites . we expect the pieces to be of high quality as we will not engage in a thorough editing process . pieces that are approved should be ready for publication . copyediting your own work and submitting a clean finished copy will increase the chances of your submission being accepted . waiting for a response no follow up calls , please . we read all submissions and will contact you within five business days if we are going to publish your article . if you don ' t hear from us within a week of submission , it is reasonable to assume we will not be running your piece , but please continue to submit to us . sharing your work by submitting your work , you are giving blacklisted news the right to publish and use the material in accordance with blacklisted news ' s rules and regulations . we operate under a creative commons license . material published on our site may be shared with other sites provided that the material shared is properly attributed by author and publication . this will increase the visibility of your work and provide greater access to readers from different backgrounds and regions . transparency and accountability blacklisted news firmly adheres to the principles of journalistic integrity . submissions selected for publication are expected to live up to high standards of factual accuracy , source accountability , and proper accreditation where necessary . thank you for your submission from the blacklisted news team
your donation is an investment in the website ' s continued future and success paypal : click below to donate in any amount : we pay : wepay is straight forward alternative to paypal donate with wepay donate bitcoin via bitpay : email : amount : USd btc eUR Gbp aUd bGn bRL cad cHF cny cZK dKK HKd hrk huf idR iLS inR Jpy KRw LtL lvl mxn MyR nok nZd pHp pLn ron RUb SeK SGd tHb tRy ZaR - - - thank you , doug owen - blacklistednews . com
blacklisted news radio is hosted by doug owen . topics discussed on the broadcast cover a broAd rAnGE of topics , with a primary focus on war and freedom in the technocratic age of the 21 st century . topics that cut like a knife , guaranteed voicemail / tXt : ( 512 ) 222 - 3067 blacklistedradio . com interactive chatroom podcasts on spreaker podcasts on youtube podcasts on itunes podcasts on stitcher podcasts on tunein listen to " blacklisted radio " on spreaker .
subscribe to canada free press for fRee that their countries are , um , you know what . uganda s president : i love trump because he tells africans frankly apparently not everyone in africa is as easily offended as the american media or whoever else believes a word dick durbin says . president yoweri museveni of uganda isn t even sure donald trump called african countries shitholes - and neither is anyone else who wasn t in the meeting , since the renowned liar durbin is the only on - the - record source saying he did - but museveni doesn t seem too concerned about it . in fact , he thinks it s a sign of strength that you can deal with the president of the united states calling your country a shithole : uganda s president says he loves president donald trump and that he should be praised for not mincing words . i love trump because he tells africans frankly , president yoweri museveni said tuesday , shortly after the u . s . ambassador apologized for trump s recent reference to african nations as s - hole countries . i don t know whether he was misquoted or whatever . but he talks to africans frankly , museveni said . in the world , you cannot survive if you are weak . the ugandan leader was addressing members of the regional east african legislative assembly . several african nations have expressed shock and condemnation at trump s remark . he has denied using that language while others present says he did .
the back and forth fight between the trump administration and the courts on the constitutionality and legality of the trump - travel ban may be nearing an end . originally , the supreme court had allowed the trump administration to reinstate part of the travel ban at the end of 2017 ; however , the federal appeals court in san francisco found that trump had overstepped his authority . according to reuters : the appeals court ruled that mr . trump had exceeded the authority congress had given him over immigration and had violated a part of the immigration laws barring discrimination in the issuance of visas . in their appeal to the supreme court , solicitor general noel francisco remarked : the courts below have overridden the president s judgments on sensitive matters of national security and foreign relations , and severely restricted the ability of this and future presidents to protect the nation . those against the travel ban have continually argued that trump s ban is unconstitutional as it is directed unfairly toward countries that have a majority of muslim citizens . they point to trump s own comments during his presidential campaign regarding muslims . the president has repeatedly explained that the two orders pursue the same aim . however , the trump team have denied the allegations of discrimination . the proclamation s process and substance confirm that its purpose was to achieve national security and foreign - policy goals , not to impose anti - muslim bias . arguments are planned for april , and the court estimates a ruling will come by june . additionally , the supreme court has a docket loaded with major issues including voting rights , union power , digital privacy and a clash between claims of religious freedom and gay rights . featured image by mark wilson / getty images .
while most of us only want to do what is best for our children some of us have a warped view of what exactly that is . sure , we all think our children are content but are they gaslighting , for those who do not know , is a form of psychological abuse . it is a tactic many abusers use to make someone feel as if their reality is completely incorrect . this is a very manipulative tactic and it takes a big toll on the victim . while some of this happens in romantic relationships it is also often present in parent - child relationships as well . gaslighting is something that is done slowly and leaves the victim practically brainwashed . people who are gaslighting their children may not realize they are doing so because for some it could even be part of a cycle but it is something that needs to stop . if the following list of signs stand out to you in your relationship with your child you need to do better and really change your ways . 5 signs you are gaslighting your children : 1 . you mock your children . humiliating your children whether you realize you are doing so or not can be considered gaslighting . mocking your children leaves them feeling confused and upset . this is not an acceptable thing to do . just because you don t think they should be upset over something doesn t mean you should make them feel like what they are feeling is invalid . sure , as the parent you are the one in control , but you should not be overassertive . while we all are afraid of our children branching out and taking flight on their own we need to accept that it will happen . don t make your child feel like by being more independent he or she is doing anything wrong . you should not make your child feel helpless without you , one day you will not be around . you children need to know how to function without you . 3 . you never apologize . as parents , even we can be wrong from time to time . it is important to say sorry when we make mistakes . we should not be making out children feel like they are always doing things wrong even when they aren t . while it may be hard to apologize to your children it is important to do so in some cases . 4 . you are too hard on your child . sure , sometimes kids make mistakes , this is perfectly normal . flying off the handle each and every time is not going to help the situation . don t make your child hide things from you if you are constantly overreacting they will stop sharing things with you . sure , discipline is important but only to an extent . it is not the end of the world every time your son or daughter forgets to do a chore or something of the sort . you tell your child he or she is overreacting when in all reality he or she is not . this is not a good way to parent . you should not tell your children what they should or shouldn t be feeling . their emotions are their own , you cannot change them . this goes hand in hand with the parents who try to tell their children what they do and do not like , it does not work like that . featured image via curious mind magazine
have you ever stopped to really consider the wide assortment of fears and phobias that exist in today s society from zombies to public speaking , clowns to heights there appears to be a fear for nearly anything that you can think of . don t believe me there s even a technical term for the fear of phobias . that s right , phobophobia is defined as the fear of phobia ( s ) and , more specifically , of the internal sensations associated with that phobia and anxiety . these fears can range from a mere inconvenience to completely debilitating , impacting every area of your life and interfering with your ability to function normally . recently chapman university initiated a nationwide survey , asking americans just what strikes fear deep in their hearts . participants were asked their level of fear relating to approximately 80 different possible fears ranging from the government to natural disasters . the researchers then compiled the data and came up with a list of the top fears in the united states which included some interesting and eye - opening answers , such as corrupt government officials , pollution of drinking water , high medical bills and air pollution . while the answers of the chapman university survey on american fears were bigger concerns , focusing largely on politics and worldwide pollution , many americans share fears that hit much closer to home . it is estimated that 25 million americans share a fear of flying , or aerophobia , while trypanophobia , or a fear of needles can have a significant impact on your ability to obtain necessary , life - saving health care . acknowledging the potential impact that these fears can have on our life and well - being , experts have devoted time , energy and funding into better understanding the cause and treatment of various fears , phobias and anxiety . one area that has researchers and experts incredibly hopeful is the use of hypnosis in treatment . in order to understand how hypnosis can work , you must first have a thorough understanding of the way that phobias occur mentally . at some point in our lives , often throughout childhood ( although they can develop as an adult ) , something causes our mind to create an association between two unrelated things the object of our fear , and the feelings associated with the fear reaction . in some cases , this association is created due to a traumatic event , for example , a dog bite as a child can lead to a lifelong fear of dogs . in other examples , however , the trigger may not be as easily identified . in fact , you may not even know why you are afraid of something , you just know that you are . hypnosis works by reprogramming the way that your mind reacts to that specific trigger . if dogs are currently associated with feelings of fear and anxiety , a hypnotherapist will work to relax the mind , desensitize the brain to that event or object , and reprogram the response . it s important to note that the this isn t a quick fix the procedure , known as systematic desensitization , is a gradual reprogramming , slowing giving you control over your response to the trigger and encouraging positive responses . with hard work , dedication and the assistance of a good hypnotherapist , you can find freedom from your biggest fears
obama s the greatest criminal in history say trump and joe arpaio because he forged his birth certificate ( video )
fbi whistleblower : fbi secret society held off site meetings via fox news ( video ) of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next on special report , wisconsin senator says he wants to get to the bottom of the missing strzok - page text messages . house judiciary committee member rep . john ratcliffe discusses the alleged secret society within the fbi and doj and whether there is enough evidence to bring a lawsuit against the two intelligence officers who exchanged anti - trump text messages . rep . sean duffy ( r - wis . ) discusses the ongoing fbi probe , led by special counsel robert mueller , into whether the trump campaign colluded with russia during the 2016 presidential election . source stateoftheworldreport . com i host the church of mabus radio show and it is going on 8 years . i ve been in the paranormal community for 20 years . i provide content from a network of sources and guests and allies . ranging from politics to the paranormal and the spiritual . you can check out my other articles here at my bioGraphy at bin and you can check out my free radio show at this link here . thanks for showing your support and stopping by .
deepstate criminal conspiracy trifecta : fbi secret society , lost text messages fisa abuse ( video ) headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next pj media reports that there is some serious talk on capitol hill about the appointment of Get this a second special counsel amid several new bombshell revelations swirling around the trump / russia probe . first , there are the allegations of shocking and substantial government surveillance abuses under president obama outlined in the fisa abuse memo . secondly , the fbi lost five months of key text messages between the anti - trump / pro - clinton fbi officials peter strzok and his mistress lisa page . and now there s talk of a secret society of officials within the fbi that apparently met the day after the election of donald j . trump to plot against the president - elect . fbi says it has lost five months of text messages between peter strzok and lisa page jay sekulow - hannity i host the church of mabus radio show and it is going on 8 years . i ve been in the paranormal community for 20 years . i provide content from a network of sources and guests and allies . ranging from politics to the paranormal and the spiritual . you can check out my other articles here at my bioGraphy at bin and you can check out my free radio show at this link here . thanks for showing your support and stopping by .
the truth about the israel - palestine conflict headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next israel . palestine . jews . arabs . have you ever asked yourself why the situation in the middle - east doesn t seem to be getting any better these days and what s this conflict all about in the first place in case you re totally new to world politics , the middle - east crisis is one of the most politically and religiously charged conflicts on the whole planet virtually every country in the world has had a say on how these two cultures and peoples , very different from each other should share the land that they both want to claim as their home and native land . we have the israelis who wish to have a homeland for the jews with jerusalem as its capital . we have the palestinians who wish to have a homeland for their people and wish to claim some parts of jerusalem ( east ) as its capital . both sides have committed atrocities and inhumane actions towards each other . both sides continually agree to disagree with each other when trying to negotiate peace talks . both sides claim ownership of the disputed territories for thousands of years . some call israel an apartheid state . some say the palestinians are being used as a means to drive the jews into the mediterranean sea . we can go back and forth arguing about this non - stop until someone drops a bomb on all of israel and wipes everybody out but we don t have to go to extremes like that in order to understand the truth of the matter , and to once and for all put an end to the dispute on both sides , and move forward for the sake of humanity and the evolving human spirit . note : i personally know what it s like to be involved in a bitter legal dispute where both sides wanted to prove their point was right . yes , children were involved so the stakes were high and emotions were high , and it got very ugly towards the end . but now , that s all water under the bridge with time a solution was found it came from a totally unexpected source , but nevertheless , it ended a bitter dispute that would never have ended , as both sides were at a legal stalemate . so from that experience , i bring to you a different view and perspective of the israel / palestine conflict , and how it be resolved very simply and fairly for both sides . what is presented here is nothing but the truth . the reason why past solutions and resolutions failed was the truth was never presented so that all sides could see with clarity , enabling them to make an informed decision based on logic and facts , rather than heresay , pride and charged emotions that have caused too many people to suffer or die needlessly . why don t we start from the beginning then . since christians , jews and muslims share the same genetic and cultural history , from the days of abraham , we will use the authroized king james version of the bible and / or the jewish tanakh as our sole reference . for anyone that questions the integrity of the kjv bible or the tanakh , we invite you to see two of many mathematical and historical proofs to show that the words penned in those scripts are an integrated message that was written in a domain outside of our boundaries of space and time . jerusalem is a very old city . we do not know how far back in time it dates , but we see it first being mentioned here : joshua 10 : 1 now it came to pass , when adonizedek king of jerusalem had heard how joshua had taken ai , and had utterly destroyed it ; as he had done to jericho and her king , so he had done to ai and her king ; and how the inhabitants of gibeon had made peace with israel , and were among them ; at first glance , this verse may not sound like a big deal , but when we look a little closer we can clearly see that ; jerusalem was originally inhabited by peoples and had a king named adonizedek joshua was on a mission to conquer territories that were neighbouring to jerusalem the children of israel struck fear into the leaders and kings of cities that had yet to encounter joshua and his tribe if we dig a little deeper , we see that just a few verses away , we see why the then king of jerusalem was afraid : joshua 10 : 3 wherefore adonizedek king of jerusalem sent unto hoham king of hebron , and unto piram king of jarmuth , and unto japhia king of lachish , and unto debir king of eglon , saying , joshua 10 : 4 come up unto me , and help me , that we may smite gibeon : for it hath made peace with joshua and with the children of israel . joshua 10 : 5 therefore the five kings of the amorites , the king of jerusalem , the king of hebron , the king of jarmuth , the king of lachish , the king of eglon , gathered themselves together , and went up , they and all their hosts , and encamped before gibeon , and made war against it . king adonizedek was so terrified of the approaching children of israel that he ran to neighbouring cities to ask them for help in defending themselves against the impending attack . we see that the 5 cities listed were predominantly of amorite nationality . a quick search on amorite in the bible brings up some interesting verses , but one in particular , stands out for the purpose of this lesson : amos 2 : 9 yet destroyed i the amorite before them , whose height was like the height of the cedars , and he was strong as the oaks ; yet i destroyed his fruit from above , and his roots from beneath . for good measure , we ll also focus on the king of hebron and his origins , since he was mentioned as being in allegiance with the king of jerusalem to overthrow the children of israel . joshua 15 : 13 and unto caleb the son of jephunneh he gave a part among the children of judah , according to the commandment of the lord to joshua , even the city of arba the father of anak , which city is hebron . what we see from these two verses is that : the amorites were giants . hebron is an amorite city where arba the father of anak once dwelled . before we go further about who arba and anak were , let s take a look at another important city that has been mentioned quite often in the news lately . gaza is a very old city . we do not know how far back in time it dates , but we see it first being mentioned here : genesis 10 : 19 and the border of the canaanites was from sidon , as thou comest to gerar , unto gaza ; as thou goest , unto sodom , and gomorrah , and admah , and zeboim , even unto lasha . joshua 11 : 22 there was none of the anakims left in the land of the children of israel : only in gaza , in gath , and in ashdod , there remained . what we learn from these two verses is that : gaza was inhabited by peoples called canaanites before the children of israel showed up on the scene . gaza was inhabited by people called anakims . going back to joshua 15 : 13 , we can see that the anakim peoples were descended from someone called anak , and inhabited the areas along the coast and around jerusalem before the children of israel , later to be the jews invaded those territories . now with these facts , it might seem as though the palestinian people today inhabited the land of israel before the jews did , and therefore have a right to call those lands their home . but , let us dig a bit deeper shall we . who exactly are the anakim people well , let s see what the bible has to say numbers 13 : 33 and there we saw the giants , the sons of anak , which come of the giants : and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers , and so we were in their sight . okay . now we re onto something . giants had inhabited the lands where the children of israel , led by god invaded the canaanite territories and eventually settled in and around jerusalem . generations later , a kingdom and temple would be established and destroyed , but only for a brief moment in time . going back to the giants , these weren t just your average tall person that we commonly see in society today , usually as athletes like basketball players that are anywhere between 7 and 10 feet . these giants were much bigger , and meaner and can first be traced back to here : genesis 6 : 4 there were giants in the earth in those days ; and also after that , when the sons of god came in unto the daughters of men , and they bare children to them , the same became mighty men which were of old , men of renown . genesis 6 : 12 and god looked upon the earth , and , behold , it was corrupt ; for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth . genesis 6 : 13 and god said unto noah , the end of all flesh is come before me ; for the earth is filled with violence through them ; and , behold , i will destroy them with the earth . genesis 6 : 17 and , behold , i , even i , do bring a flood of waters upon the earth , to destroy all flesh , wherein is the breath of life , from under heaven ; and every thing that is in the earth shall die . genesis 6 : 18 but with thee will i establish my covenant ; and thou shalt come into the ark , thou , and thy sons , and thy wife , and thy sons wives with thee . what we learn from this is that sometime in the past the was an alien invasion , whereby the sons of god ( fallen angels that followed lucifer s rebellion in the pre - adamite days ) introduced themselves to humanity , interbred with them whereby their offspring were mutants , half - human / half - annunaki . not only was interbreeding done between humans and the nephilim , but because they had advanced technology , they introduced genetic manipulation into the the flora and fauna on the earth ; mixing dna with just about every living carbon - based organism . this was done to corrupt humanity , and for lucifer and his legion of followers to wipe humanity off the face of the earth and to reclaim it as their own again yes , that s right aliens are real . they are specifically mentioned in the bible , as being in league with the adversary , satan , the devil , lucifer , for he is an alien too so now we get a clearer picture of why joshua and the children of israel were given divine powers and authority to rid the levant of the giant population these giants trace their roots back to noah s flood , but somehow some of them survived and managed to slowly repopulate the earth . their next attempt to thwart god s plan for humanity was to construct a tower in babel , iraq where nimrod became a ruthless ( might hunter ) warrior and dictator . all world religions and their customs can be traced back to nimrod . sikhism , taosim , buddhism and all other eastern religions , islamic traditions , catholic traditions , greek traditions and so many more got their origins not long after the flood when the surviving nephilim / annunaki reinfested the generations that followed after noah with everything we know today about witchcraft , sorcery , prostitution , worshiping inanimate objects , rituals , astrology , necromancy , capitalism , socialism , child / blood sacrifices and a host of other idolatrous practices that serve humanity no purpose except to deter it from evolving into what it was created to be after reading this it should be very clear what god s intentions were when he told the children of israel to slay every man , woman , child and animal that they encountered in those cities . joshua 6 : 20 so the people shouted when the priests blew with the trumpets : and it came to pass , when the people heard the sound of the trumpet , and the people shouted with a great shout , that the wall fell down flat , so that the people went up into the city , every man straight before him , and they took the city . joshua 6 : 21 and they utterly destroyed all that was in the city , both man and woman , young and old , and ox , and sheep , and ass , with the edge of the sword . it was a city that contained an unstable population of human / nephilim half - breed that are the cause of all corruption on earth , and had to be eliminated at all costs . call it the first alien virus that could wipe out humanity . slowly and surely human babies might be cute , but hybrid human / demonic beings are something else altogether . there are many things that mainstream churches , mosques , synagogues , temples and schools will not teach you , and for good reason our entire society has been influenced by the annunaki / nephilim and this is the reason for all the oppression , wars , inequality , strife and all other human woes that we can never seem to totally get rid of . in order to truly make the change that humanity needs to go in , we need to stop hiding from the truth , come to terms with it and make the necessary changes in ourselves and our attitudes first , before pointing fingers at anyone . anyone pointing and wagging fingers without first examining all the evidence and coming to terms with it is just a hypocrite and should be avoided or shown the ways of their error . we need to consider the alien option when dealing with what s going on in the middle east , for this will impact the rest of the world , whether it is ready or not . the americans have disclosed their proofs of encounters with aliens , their technology and culture , so it should be the same for israel and palestine to call things out as they really are , and to stop using the world stage to do a song and dance that did not originate with them in the lands they wish to claim as their own , but originated a long time ago by a prideful angelic being named lucifer that thought he knew god s plan better than god himself don t let that be your mistake for you will join lucifer and all those who supported him directly and indirectly as they rejected the message of the bible and its plan for humanity . be glad and thankful that yoU were created for a royal purpose you are replacement staff for the fallen angels that vacated their homes on the planet heaven revelation 2 : 25 but that which ye have already hold fast till i come . revelation 2 : 26 and he that overcometh , and keepeth my works unto the end , to him will i give power over the nations : revelation 2 : 27 and he shall rule them with a rod of iron ; as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers : even as i received of my father . revelation 2 : 28 and i will give him the morning star . that s right the elohim ( god the father , jesus christ and the holy spirit ) have an evolutionary plan for humanity . we are to be transformed bodily in be capable of assuming our new roles as royal heirs to the coming kingdom which will be headquartered in jerusalem in the not too distant future . i hope this provides a more insightful look into the israel / palestine conflict and why it will take a supernatural event in order to clear the air and change the rules of how the game will be played . how will things change well , jesus said it himself what to watch for matthew 24 : 32 now learn a parable of the fig tree ; when his branch is yet tender , and putteth forth leaves , ye know that summer is nigh : matthew 24 : 33 so likewise ye , when ye shall see all these things , know that it is near , even at the doors . matthew 24 : 34 verily i say unto you , this generation shall not pass , till all these things be fulfilled . matthew 24 : 36 but of that day and hour knoweth no man , no , not the angels of heaven , but my father only . matthew 24 : 37 but as the days of noe were , so shall also the coming of the son of man be . matthew 24 : 38 for as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking , marrying and giving in marriage , until the day that noe entered into the ark , matthew 24 : 39 and knew not until the flood came , and took them all away ; so shall also the coming of the son of man be . more truths about giants , aliens , world politics and the future of humanity to come
father call no man your father warn radio christian ministry of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next wibr / warn radio and internet ministry is an prophetic end time , teaching , preaching , and warning agency . our shows are heard via satellite , warn radio network , and world wide via the internet . www . warn - usa . com www . warn - radio . com www . ddayforamerica . com www . wingswatchman . org watchman father call no man your father call no man your father , this been the blight of the church and its leadership in every generation these words were addressed to the disciples and the crowds that had gathered around . the jewish religious leaders divorced morality and religion , and insisted that men should respect their office , whatever [ ] warn radio christian ministry warn radio christian ministry christian endtime radio source : < URL >
fake news : a weird wednesday collection headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next fake news this term has become quite the buzz word over the past year or so , almost to the point where you can t read the comment section of any news article without seeing it shouted at least once or twice . but , fake news isn t new . i once read , many years ago , that newspapers would often publish completely fictitious news , under the guise of reaL news , to help drum up readership . i m sure that most readers at the time had a pretty good understanding of what was real and what wasn t , just as contemporary readers can usually discern between actual news and the sensational stuff found in grocery store tabloids . they knew the difference between entertainment and what was actually going on in their community . however , as modern readers go back and look at these vintage archives , it can be a tad confusing . was this actual news did the people of the time beLieve it to be real just what the heck was going on i love looking through old newspaper archives , and many times , i find some really strange little gems and while newspaper articles featuring fantastical stories can be found year round , even in our local publications , i recently noticed that quite a few were published in the month of january . january of 1914 was an especially weird month for some reason . 1 . the mountain octopus : the story of the mountain octopus appeared in local papers on january 11 , 1946 . a group of students in thomas , wv , discovered several of the creatures in a local stream , and brought two back to school with them to show to staff / students . no one was ever quite sure how and why an ocean creature got ( and survived ) in our cold , freshwater streams of west virginia . 2 . hungarian woman sought murder clue from spirits : this strange story appeared in a huntington , wv newspaper on january 23 , 1914 . a widow from thurmond , wv made a stop in huntington after traveling to ohio to seek the services of a well - known medium . the woman was seeking information from the spirits concerning her husband s recent murder . 3 . meteor , or bad omen over huntington : here s another weird story from huntington , wv that appeared in the local paper on january 13 , 1914 . around that time , a meteor was seen streaking over the skies of huntington . however , a group of kids playing near the old c o hospital claimed that they saw the meteor then spell out a name in fire , and then morph into the image of a woman s face in the sky 4 . women in hysterics as ghost runs down street : although the account was published in a local paper on january 8 , 1914 , this tale actually comes from new york and is a humorous telling of how a prisoner on the loose with a sheet flung over his head terrorized some church ladies leaving a service . i won t come out and say that any of these news stories are actually fake news , but i will venture to assume that january has , historically , been a slow month for reporters here in the tri - state source : < URL >
it seems like fluoride is become one of our biggest enemies and is also becoming a topic discussed throughout many different places around the world . the negative effects of fluoride have been well documented and brought to the public eye . as it turns out fluoride is commonly found in most water products , this is causing tons of health issues in millions of people . while some may argue that fluoride is healthy for us or at least for our teeth , it actually is not . fluoride negatively affects the human nervous system and actually is not good for our teeth at all . exposure to flouride is even more common than we would like to think , it is unavoidable in this day and age . fluoride can cause fluorosis which is a condition of overall complete tooth decay and malformation . it can have a negative effect on children s iq , cause brain disorders , cause body toxicity , and many other things . it seems to fit in right along with lead and mercury , to be honest . if you want to avoid fluoride riddled water try drinking these brands : alpina albertsons agromas natural mineral water a better water american fare american star appco aqua fresca aqua panna aqua pure aquarius natural mineral water arbor springs arlington springs aquafina water aqua systems aqua von badger water besco pure premium drinking water biota colorado pure spring water bio - 2 black berry farms blue ice natural mineral water boney s borneo bountyland buches calistoga callaway blue capa cascade century springs chemung chippewa spring water citi stop classic selection clearly arctic clear mountain spring water clover company limited coach cold country cohutta mountain spring water cowboy squeeze crowne plaza drinking water crowne plaza natural mineral water cruel jacks spring water crystal mountain spring water crystal point crystal ridge crystal spring natural spring water culligan water dakota splash dannon deep rock deep rock crystal drop deep rock fontenelle deja blue desert quench east phils eco quest elite equatorial natural mineral water essentia water eureka evian e water family pantry famous ramona water flowing springs food club founders square bank fresh brands artesian fresh brands distilled water fre h brands drinking water fresh market get - n - go glacier bay glen summit springs water glen summit distilled water glenwood inglewood gordon food service great bear great value harvey s h2o4u henry s hidden valley natural mineral water hillcrest distilled water hillcrest drinking water hillcrest spring water hilton pj natural mineral water hinckley springs hint hi - sprint drinking water hi - sprint natural mineral water hog wash hon less natural mineral water ice jam inland istana natural mineral water joe muggs joe ragan s pure water junior johnson just squeezed klgcc natural mineral water kroger bottled water ( reverse osmosis ) krystal j artesian water krystal j distilled water laure leroy jenkins ministries logansport savings bank lowe s martins masafi pure natural mineral water mercurio produce mesra drinking water mesra natural mineral water misty mountain monadnock mountain spring water montclair mountain energy mountain forest mountain valley spring water mutiara natural mineral water nantze springs new frontier bank niagra mist nicolet distilled northern illinois university oasis pure drinking water oasis sparkling water ogallala clear cool water oui drinking water oui natural mineral water paiges parmer pure h2o patriots choice pelangi natural mineral water penta ultra premium purified drinking water piggly wiggly polaris water pristine natural artesian purely sedona quick stop rain soft refresh natural mineral water reiser drinking water request foods , inc . rip time roundy s purified water safeway refreshe sam s wine spirits san faustino natural mineral water san pellegrino santee springs scheopner s water sequoia springs scotts shamrock shop - n - cart shur - fine silver creek purified water silver creek spring water sky drinking water smart water snow valley spinx stator bros . markets summit mountain summit springs summit valley t - rex teton mountain lodge spring water tweetsie united dairy farmers volvic vitamin water veta drinking water valutime whistler water whole foods 365 woodland spring water wyoming machinery catipillar spring water zodiac and brands you should avoid at all costs : alhambra arrowhead belmont springs crystal rock crystal springs deer park diamond springs hindley spri ice mountain kandiyohi kentwood springs mayer bros . mount olympus nursery water ozarka poland spring pure flo puritan springs shenandoah sierra springs sparkletts zephyrhills
the trump administration has suffered many losses within its ranks . it s seen several of those brought in leave . however , they ve also seen seasoned , experienced , long - time experts leave after becoming frustrated with the way trump treats everything . another long - time expert within the state department is leaving . foreign policy reported : in the latest departure , the state department s most experienced u . n . - based sanctions expert stepped down friday , sending more than a decade of expertise out the door and contributing to a bout of brain drain that is diminishing the role of american diplomats in shaping washington s sanctions policy that tome of knowledge and expertise would be joshua black . black was the chief sanctions and counterterrorism expert at the united nations , and america is losing him thanks to his frustration with the trump administration . according to sources , part of black s frustration had to do with the iran nuclear deal that trump has opposed vehemently . furthermore , the trump administration has overstepped the state dept . several times . black s resignation coincides with a shift in the way washington approaches sanctions , current and former officials say . the white house has been bypassing the state department s seasoned veterans while tasking the u . s . military and intelligence establishment to step up their role in uncovering violations , particularly in iran and north korea , those officials say . one official told foreign policy that black and his team were essential to the department for coordinating sanctions in the [ united nations . ] and we re losing him thanks to trump . trump wants to make america a safer nation except he continues to cause the experts to leave . featured image by jeff swensen / getty images .
amid deep partisan divide , pence breaks tie to confirm religious freedom nominee january 25 , 2018 in the u . s . senate wednesday , vice president mike pence stepped in to break a partisan 49 - 49 tie on president trump ' s nomination of kansas gov . sam brownback for the post of ambassador - at - large for international religious freedom . every democrat , joined by independent sens . angus king of maine and bernie sanders of vermont , voted against brownback ' s nomination , while the republicans lost their narrow advantage due to the absence of two senators . the gop controls 51 of the senate ' s 100 seats , but sen . john mccain of arizona is undergoing cancer treatment and senate foreign relations committee chairman bob corker ( r - tenn . ) is in davos for the world economic forum . so in his role as president of the senate , pence cast the tie - breaking vote first during a procedural vote to end debate on brownback ' s nomination , and then again in the final roll call vote , which passed 50 - 49 . it was the second time pence has broken a tied nomination vote . on february 7 last year he did so to advance betsy devos as education secretary by a 51 - 50 vote . on that occasion republican sens . lisa murkowski ( alaska ) and susan collins ( me . ) voted with the democrats against trump ' s nominee . after the vote , brownback tweeted his thanks to trump , pence , " and all the senators who supported my nomination . i ' m looking forward to starting my new position as ambassador and working hard for the american people and religious freedom around the world . " in a tweet of his own , pence said he was proud to cast the tie - breaking vote , describing brownback as " a principled man of faith who will help the trump admin advance support for persecuted religious groups around the world . " trump first nominated brownback as ambassador - at - large last july . the last person to hold the post , rabbi david saperstein , stepped down when president obama left office last january . wednesday ' s vote was a close shave for brownback , who himself served in the senate for 14 years until seven years ago . the kansas governor has upset many democrats with social conservative policies on abortion and lgbt issues , including a 2015 executive order that rescinded protections for lgbt state workers . leading the charge against him on the senate floor wednesday , sen . bob menendez ( d - n . j . ) said the person who holds the ambassadorship must be committed to defending the religious freedom of all religious minorities around the world . " unfortunately , gov . brownback ' s career has been defined by a lack of tolerance for those who do not share his own beliefs , " he said . " i fear he will only focus solely on protecting christian minorities , while we must acknowledge publicly that people of all faiths are persecuted and demand equal representation . " menendez went on to cite other brownback policy positions , including on lgbt issues , and said that during brownback ' s term in the senate he had " often used religion to push policies that undermine the right of women to access healthcare , to control their own bodies and determine their own destinies . " daniel darling , vice president for communications at the ethics religious liberty commission ( erlc ) of the southern baptist convention said on his twitter feed it was " sad the nomination of governor brownback is being politicized for this important position . " darling noted that the erlc had " worked well " with the last person to hold the post , despite not seeing eye - to - eye on many issues at home . " we disagreed with rabbi saperstein on many domestic issues but worked well with him on international religious freedom , " he said . " this is a bipartisan issue . " saperstein , who was the director of the religious action center for reform judaism , was president obama ' s second nominee to the international religious freedom post , serving from jan . 2015 - jan . 2017 . before that , baptist pastor suzan johnson cook held the position from apr . 2011 - oct . 2013 . the top religious freedom post was vacant for almost half of obama ' s eight years in office ( 43 months out of 96 ) , and religious freedom campaigners were troubled by how long it took him - 513 days after his inauguration - to first announce a nomination . trump nominated brownback 186 days after taking office . cair complaint in his remarks opposing the confirmation wednesday , menendez did not elaborate on his stated concern that brownback would " focus solely on protecting christian minorities . " but the council on american - islamic relations has complained about brownback actions such as his signing into law of a bill in 2012 designed to block any use of islamic law ( shari ' a ) in state courts or government agencies . " only under the trump administration would someone so opposed to the constitutional rights of an american faith community be appointed to safeguarding international religious freedom , " cair government affairs director robert mccaw said when brownback was nominated . as a senator , brownback in 2005 called on then - u . n . secretary - general kofi annan to resign unless the world body acted decisively to stop the carnage in sudan ' s darfur region , where the victims ( as well as the perpetrators ) were muslims . his senate career also saw brownback advocate strongly for religious freedom and rights protection in non - islamic countries , including china , vietnam and north korea . victims of persecution in those countries include christians , but also independent buddhists , tibetan buddhists , uighur muslims and falun gong adherents . brownback was a key sponsor of the 1998 international religious freedom act which established both the ambassador - at - large post and the u . s . commission on international religious freedom , an independent statutory body . uscirf chairman daniel mark on wednesday welcomed the confirmation , saying the commission was looking forward to working with brownback " in advancing the u . s . government ' s promotion of international religious freedom . " courtesy of cnsnews . com
on friday , both parties in congress were unable to meet in the middle , and the u . s . government began the process of shutting down . even after a meeting between senate minority leader chuck schumer ( d - ny ) and donald trump at the white house , they were unable to come to any promising ground . and now , the finger - pointing has begun , and trump is pointing a big , sausagy orange stub at democrats . trump took to twitter saturday morning to lay all the blame on congressional democrats . he tweeted : democrats are holding our military over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration . can t let that happen hold up a minute . during the momentous roundtable that was caught on camera , trump displayed a shocking moment where many thought he d actually work with democrats to reach a deal . granted , republicans almost had a conniption fit when trump said he d sign anything put in front of him . after saying that , he was presented with a bipartisan deal , and he refused to sign it . additionally , trump can point that little orange nub at democrats all he wants , but at one point he did say he thought a government shutdown would be good for the country . back in 2013 , he tweeted : [ email protected ] leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown . they should be afraid of not defunding obamacare . he also tweeted : 83 of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41 of nondefense federal workers are furloughed . room for cuts . then there was this tweet : stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown . markets like being left alone for a day . then in 2017 as the president of the united states he tweeted : either elect more republican senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51 . our country needs a good shutdown in september to fix mess here s the real kicker , though . schumer offered trump his precious wall . he offered to put the border wall on the table , and trump still said no . also , it should be noted four senate republicans voted no on the measure friday night . twitter users went nuts over trump s most recent tweet . you can check out their responses below . featured image by mark wilson / getty images .
sunlight on africa , courtesy of trump january 25 , 2018 a disputed derogatory remark about the poor state of african countries attributed to president trump during a recent private oval office meeting between him and some members of the white house staff and congress sparked a global political , diplomatic and media firestorm . regardless of what may or may not have been said , the incident serves as a catalyst for inquisitive minds to put some much - needed sunlight on that continent ' s many problems . the african union - which represents 54 african member nations - immediately demanded the president retract his comment and apologize not only to africans but to all people of african descent around the globe - even though he disputed what was reportedly said along with several others in the meeting . it should not go unnoticed that the union ' s founder is libya ' s late dictator , moammar gadhafi - and the organization has colossally failed in its goal to seek " an integrated , prosperous and peaceful africa , driven by its own citizens and representing a dynamic force in global arena . " in reality , centuries of torment didn ' t end for most african people after they forced european colonialists to relinquish power in the mid - 20 th century . venal african leaders quickly filled the vacuum and have done little to develop their societies or emancipate africans from their horrid existence despite vast continental riches . worse yet , many of these leaders have enriched themselves at the expense of their countries by confiscating large amounts of wealth generated by private enterprises and foreign aid . freedom house ( a global freedom watchdog ) addressed africa ' s problems in an earlier report , laying the blame on kleptocracies , military dictatorships and single - party personalistic regimes dominating political systems and perpetuating the cycle of violence and debilitating poverty . its 2018 report on global freedom discloses that only 10 percent ( 126 . 3 million ) of africa ' s 1 . 2 billion residents live in freedom with the same political rights and civil liberties accorded to free world citizens . some startling facts emerge when one compares the conditions of africa ' s 1 . 2 billion residents to the 6 . 2 billion who populate other parts of the world . according to data contained in cia world factbook , the average life span of africans is 57 years , versus 71 years elsewhere . africa ' s gdp is 4 , 938 per capita ( distributed disproportionately between the well - to - do and the downtrodden ) , compared to the rest of the planet ' s 18 , 437 . and africa ' s illiteracy rate is 37 percent , more than four times greater than the illiteracy rate of 9 percent for the world ' s other residents . the relative short life span of africans is attributable to civil wars , genocide and anarchy that have plagued the continent for decades . angola , congo , libya , mozambique , nigeria , rwanda , somalia , and sudan exemplify the madness that has killed , displaced and terrorized tens of millions . disease is also a main factor , with the cia world factbook reporting some 945 million people in 36 african countries having a very high risk to major infectious diseases . the u . s . state department ' s 2017 trafficking in persons report provides more grim news for those who think slavery is a thing of the past . the report reveals that modern slavery ( compelled labor and / or sex trafficking ) is present in all 54 african countries , with 15 of them doing very little about it . in addition , libya and somalia are among the world ' s worst practitioners of modern day slavery . many of those captured in slavery ' s web are migrants looking for better lives away from their birth country . the u . s . state department ' s annual terrorism report for 2016 shows how the scourge of radical islamic terrorism has also gripped the african continent , with 15 such terror groups operating there . they include the notorious groups al qaeda ; al - shabab ; ansar al - shariah ; boko haram ; and the islamic state . these groups gestate and gain sympathy in most areas where islam flourishes . notably , islam ' s growing population now accounts for about 43 percent ( 523 million adherents ) of africa ' s population since the first muslims arrived in the continent during the 7 th century . the u . s . has made substantial efforts to assist the african people in coping with these problems since independence . it has diplomatic representation in nearly every country , contributes the greatest amount of its economic and development aid to that region and has about 6 , 000 troops posted there to enhance security . in recent years the u . s . has reportedly doubled the number of african immigrants entering the united states . in addition , one estimate pegs western nation investments at over 1 trillion for african development since its independence . the african union , united nations and others act as though mr . trump ' s alleged obscene description of african countries is worse than the vicious cycle of oppression , war , terrorism , genocide , poverty , illiteracy , slavery and disease that has plagued the continent for far too many years . the tens of millions of african lives that have been lost , displaced or ruined because african leaders haven ' t put the welfare of their people first , and that many of the organizations and programs created to benefit the long - suffering african people have failed are clearly worse than a simple word . mr . trump ' s critics should be mindful that long - standing african problems pre - date his presidency . moreover , they should appreciate his most sacred obligation to the american people is keeping them safe and asking honest and hard questions about the potential security and health risks posed to americans by immigrants ( legal / illegal ) entering the united states from dangerous parts of the world , including africa . hopefully the day will come when the african people are able to live in freedom , peace , harmony , good health and realize the continent ' s enormous potential . and when that day comes perhaps africans may decide to thank mr . trump for bringing much - needed attention to their current plight . a version of this piece also appeared on washington times
we hear quite a bit about survivors guilt these days . a neighbor s house has a tree through the roof , while yours was spared . a soldier walks behind another ; the one in the lead steps on a landmine , and the follower does not suffer loss of limbs . the hurricane skirts your hometown , and the adjoining county is hard hit . the rains come in due season to your land ; not too far away drought is ravaging crops . because you were born a buddhist in myanmar , you do not suffer the degradation of the rohingya people . survivors may be grateful for the good fortune they experienced , but they are wise to consider at what cost to others . it is hard not to construct a spared for a reason narrative ; however , it diminishes a sense of divine providence for those not spared . even more horrific is the disregard for the value of lives of a different ethnicity . survivors guilt is to be preferred over callous indifference , yet the sense of being specially blessed by god may lead to presumption . on sunday , the lesson from the hebrew bible was the story of israel crossing the red sea with the army of egypt in hot pursuit . written obviously from the perspective of the liberated , the story is grisly in detailing how the lord fought against egypt on behalf of israel . god instructs moses , stretch out your hand over the sea , so that the water may come back upon the egyptians , upon their chariots and chariot drivers ( exodus 14 : 26 ) . moses follows this directive , and the entire army is drowned . not one of them remained . the rabbis have long struggled with this text . god s preservation of the people of covenant seems to have blood cost . their further travel through the wilderness brings them to the land of promise , which is already occupied , a major inconvenience for both canaanites and israelites . more violence will ensue . codifying this narrative of election in scripture then extended to christians , many of whom became supersessionist , i . e . , arguing that now their election in christ eclipsed the jews . even when the humbler christian approach acknowledged that they have been grafted into god s enduring covenant with israel , this claim still argues for a preferential treatment that elevates this judeo - christian trajectory over against all the rest of the world s people . doctrines of election are a delicate matter , and it is hard to understand god s love of the whole world through the lens of particularity that the exodus story reveals . does divine favoritism not make it hard for outsiders to find their place in the story of liberation christians have always argued that the purpose of the abrahamic tradition of covenant was to bless the nations , as well as the historic people of god . some rabbis have suggested that the covenant with israel was an experiment in divine - human intimacy . would a people trust the holy one enough to follow instruction and live in faithful patterns of worship and justice could israel s experience of exodus become paradigmatic of god s salvific purpose for all as we struggled with this text in my sunday school class , an older man posed this question : so who are god s people i responded , everyone . the follow - up question in my mind was , when life is so hard , how do they know god is for them , that they are god s own this is where survivors come in , it seems to me . those who are spared must not simply rejoice in their seeming chosenness , but must use every resource to alleviate the suffering of others . guilt may not be the best source of motivation , but if it spurs compassion , it is constructive . christians believe that we come to know god s favor through christ and that he is the key to what god is doing throughout the world . what if the means through which god favors the suffering comes through those who already know of the expanse of god s election in him as kathryn tanner writes , through christ god gives the world god s very own life and saves us by establishing the closest possible relationship with us . the divine favor resting upon jesus is a gift for the whole world . just as blaming god for every cataclysmic event founders , so does expecting god to provide miraculously all the means of recovery . god always uses humanity in the redemptive project , and the only privilege christians have is their responsibility for acting in the name of the one they have come to know in jesus christ . this approach does not require triumphalistic swagger or a certitude that quashes other perceptions of truth . rather , it requires the humility of those called to participate with god in bringing this world to its true end . there is so much healing work to be done , and it is urgent .
the study of the hebrew language did not come easily to me . perhaps it was because i waited until my final year of seminary to take it ; perhaps it was because it met at 3 p . m . ; perhaps it was because i sat near a window ; perhaps it was because our professor was so bored teaching at this elementary level i am sure i can come up with some other excuses . i did pass , even making an a , but only because i memorized the book of jonah , a particular interest of our instructor . as i have been teaching my way through exodus with my sunday school class , i certainly wish i had loved the hebrew language more . i am sure that particular nuances elude me , yet translations do capture the richness of the narratives . specifically , i want to know more about the issue of testing . exodus itself is a patchwork of stories , which were gathered and edited over many years . these stories are complex reflections on how god s purpose will be accomplished with flawed human actors , and how human choices will impact the character of the divine . wandering , while being led it is very hard to map how the wilderness journey transpired , and clearly the people made the trek more difficult through obstinacy and lack of faith . the wilderness was a dangerous place , and the way god through moses led was open to suspicion . a frequent refrain of the congregation of israel was , have you brought us out here to kill us moses usually deflected and suggested that their complaint was against god , not him ( exodus 17 : 2 ) . because he claimed to be sent by god to shepherd this people , he had to take the heat . he was a convenient target like our pastors . god tested the people , and the people tested god . neither seemed pleased about this abrasion in their relationship , yet it was an unavoidable reality as a covenant was being forged in a context of peril . could god trust the people to follow the appointed leadership of moses could the people trust that they were accompanied by god s own presence their insistent question was , is the lord among us or not we can only imagine the ways in which that same query is being voiced in the daily heart - rending devastations . they found themselves at rephidim without water , and once again god provided through an unexpected means . god instructed moses to take his staff , the one he had used to turn the nile into blood , was now to provide life - giving water . god s own presence was in front of him at horeb , and through moses action of striking the rock , abundant water flowed . the place where this occurs portrays testing and quarreling , massah and meribah , and becomes a cautionary note about how not to behave toward god . israel s remarkable lack of faith was on display in full force . it seemed that moses believed that god had the right to test the people , but they should have refrained from testing god . after all , god has prerogatives that do not belong to human beings . brueggemann says that this text warns against a utilitarian view of god , in which the divine is judged by the desired outcomes for the asking community . in other words , human measures should not presume to assess the adequacy of god . dictating how god must respond reduces the sovereign one to our level , a risky proposition , indeed . while immanent among us , god is also working in ways that transcend our comprehension . jesus own experience in the wilderness raises this theological question once again . when the devil tempted him to throw himself down from the pinnacle of the temple in order to prove his identity in a spectacular way , jesus quoted , do not put the lord your god to the test ( deuteronomy 6 : 16 ) . the rest of the verse is as you did at massah . this faith venture is not easy , and we are beckoned to trust what we cannot see . walking by faith and not sight produces a bit of anxiety , even for the mature in christ . we echo the treasured words of thomas merton in thoughts in solitude : my lord , god , i have no idea where i am going . i do not see the road ahead of me . i cannot know for certain where it will end . thankfully , the one who was seen and touched by earliest believers , the very sacrament of god s presence with humanity , walks just ahead of us , marking out the pathway . it is this reality that leads merton to conclude his prayer with these words : therefore i will trust you always though i may seem to be lost and in the shadow of death . i will not fear , for you are ever with me , and you will never leave me to face my perils alone .
social media is blowing up about a culture of sexual harassment and assault . the sordid tale of harvey weinstein s pattern of predatory behavior against women has opened up a larger conversation about the almost universal experience of sexual exploitation of women . we have been ogled , called babes , touched without permission and raped . this does not just occur in the entertainment industry , but in every profession , including ministry . many clergywomen have voiced their experiences of violation , often perpetrated by friends in seminary , senior pastors and judicatory leaders many of whom were publicly affirming of women in ministry . baptists are not absent from this tale of abuse , and our refusal to talk about it forthrightly has only given license to predators . i am grateful that baptist women in ministry is working on a major project addressing sexual abuse . far too many of us have a story of unwanted attention and worse , usually entailing a major power differential . male colleagues have propositioned their female colleagues ; some male pastors have taken advantage of vulnerable counselees ; men have felt free to comment on women s appearance in a sexually suggestive way ; male professors have sought hugs and endearments from female graduate students or younger women colleagues ; and , women have been silenced when speaking about these behaviors . not surprising , the cycle has gone on . that is why so many baptist women in ministry are posting me , too . there have been some serial predators in moderate baptist circles , and only in conversation with other women in ministry have we discovered our similar stories of untoward actions by these men . they did not lose their ministerial credentials , and often they moved on to even more lucrative professional pursuits . experiences such as these bring shame to women , vocational redirection for some , and deepened awareness of how systems protect abusers . when a female pastor lodged a complaint about a pastoral colleague on the same staff ( multiple women of the church had complained of his behavior toward them ) , many of the congregation took his side and departed when he left . they believed him incapable of such , and they did not trust the word of the female pastor . why would she even need to bring it up , they wondered . patriarchy had certainly conditioned them to believe the male pastor instead of the female , even though she had higher rank on the pastoral staff . congregants were more upset with her for calling for the discipline of this minister than upset with him for his violation of ministry ethics . i have my own stories , as will many readers of this column . as a seminary student , a married doctoral student who was my greek instructor began to stop by my study carrel in the library , inviting me to go out with him . he would say things like , if only i had met you before i married , and other inappropriate things . i refused his invitations , and i am not sure if my grade was lowered from an a to an a - because of that . i was once invited for a weekend of preaching , and the pastor came to pick me up at the airport alone . i had thought his wife was coming , too . he kept asking if i wanted to go shopping or stop and get a drink . i managed to persuade him that i really needed to finish preparation for the varied events of the weekend . i kept my distance the rest of the weekend , making sure i was not alone with him . i later learned of other women who had experienced this kind of behavior and more from him . as more women enter the ranks of ministry , some men have reacted to what they see as a threatening incursion with renewed diminishment of women , often through sexualizing them inappropriately . women must call this out for what it is : predatory behavior . in a time when the president of the united states can brag about sexual assault , many men are emboldened to act on their worst impulses . i am thankful that many are speaking clearly about a culture of sexual predation . this conversation is hardly finished , and many are finding their voices .
many preachers took up the isaiah 55 passage this past sunday , proclaiming the abundant provision of god for all that sustains life . all you who are thirsty , come to the water you who have no money , come buy food , and eat come , buy wine and milk , without money , without price the invitation is almost too good to be true who gets to purchase the finest food and drink without ever pulling out the credit card not only does the prophet speak of the basic physical nourishment we require , but also speaks of listening to god that your soul may live ( 55 : 3 b ) . many live unaware that our deepest longings go beyond what we eat and drink ; hunger and thirst for the holy one are inscribed into every human being . the problem is that we forget , over and over . this portion of isaiah announces that the time of desolation is over and that god may be sought and found ( v . 6 ) . god promises abundance , and renewal will come to a place covered with briers and thorns . myrtle and cypress trees will flourish , and they will signal god s goodness and restorative power . the landscape will mirror the renewing work god will do with the covenant people . as irenaeus wrote , the glory of god is humanity fully alive . weariness with life stalks many in our time , and rather than turning to the source of renewal , we often simply numb ourselves with food that does not satisfy or distracting entertainment . recently we have been shocked by the social media fueled suicide of an adolescent boy , goaded by the promptings of an adolescent girl . teenage suicide is on the rise ( and it is not just boys ) , and one cannot help but wonder at the level of emptiness so many experience . the incessant postings of peers who seem , by comparison , to have more friends , fun and family leaves others with a sense of diminishment that cannot be surmounted . god s invitation is nothing less than a beckoning to receive what god alone can provide : grace . grace receives us as we are and renews the human spirit . grace reminds us of who we are created to be and supplies the enervating work of the spirit that we might fully live . without grace , despair eclipses hope , and persons wonder if they can endure . i have just enjoyed the extravagance of two weeks away in the mountains of northern new mexico . the idlewild community , near eagle nest , provides a preacher cabin for visiting ministers . if you preach at the worship service , you have the privilege of staying in this rustic setting for the better part of a week . since i preached two sundays , i got to stay a bit longer . i am grateful that my school encouraged this investment of time , and i trust my soul will live with a greater sense of abundance . the first word of the rule of st . benedict is listen , and this is what i have attempted to do in this time . i have listened to rushing streams flowing over creek stones ; i have listened to wind ruffling wild flowers ; i have listened to mule deer stirring in the brush ; i have listened to rain on a tin roof ; i have listened to bats squeaking under the eaves ; i have listened to scripture ; and , i have listened to the sound of a fine silence , as elijah testified . god has spoken through these media , and it has been good . most important has been an attentiveness to grace that is an intrinsic part of sabbath . wendell berry says this of sabbath : the field is tilled and left to grace . recognizing the limitation of effort and the need for rest requires a level of relinquishment , which most of us resist . meister eckhart used the concept of seinlassen in his mystical writings ; it is an attitude of letting be , of being in a state of receptivity to what might be born through us . he encourages humans to become the silent place of god s presence . tethered to our devices , we presume that if we go off the grid dire things may happen . i had little wi - fi connectivity in the preacher s cabin , and wonder of wonders , my school , church and family all survived just fine in my absence . humility trusts that god s grace will produce harvest even when our labor is suspended . the word shabbat comes from the root shin - bet - tav , meaning to cease . the sabbath keeps the people more than people keep the sabbath , as the jewish adage reminds us . soon the rhythms of summer will be behind us , and the regularity of academic and ecclesial schedules will order our days and weeks . the memory of this time of renewal will linger , i trust , and remind me to return to the source of life , where one may drink deeply . god s invitation is ever present , and abundant grace is offered .
clinton obama emails : the key to understanding why hillary wasn ' t indicted january 24 , 2018 new fbi texts highlight a motive to conceal the president ' s involvement . from the first , these columns have argued that the whitewash of the hillary clinton - emails caper was president barack obama ' s call - not the fbi ' s , and not the justice department ' s . ( see , e . g . , here , here , and here . ) the decision was inevitable . obama , using a pseudonymous email account , had repeatedly communicated with secretary clinton over her private , non - secure email account . these emails must have involved some classified information , given the nature of consultations between presidents and secretaries of state , the broad outlines of obama ' s own executive order defining classified intelligence ( see eo 13526 , section 1 . 4 ) , and the fact that the obama administration adamantly refused to disclose the clinton - obama emails . if classified information was mishandled , it was necessarily mishandled on both ends of these email exchanges . if clinton had been charged , obama ' s culpable involvement would have been patent . in any prosecution of clinton , the clinton - obama emails would have been in the spotlight . for the prosecution , they would be more proof of willful ( or , if you prefer , grossly negligent ) mishandling of intelligence . more significantly , for clinton ' s defense , they would show that obama was complicit in clinton ' s conduct yet faced no criminal charges . that is why such an indictment of hillary clinton was never going to happen . the latest jaw - dropping disclosures of text messages between fbi agent peter strzok and his paramour , fbi lawyer lisa page , illustrate this point . for the moment , i want to put aside the latest controversy - the fbi ' s failure to retain five months of text messages between strzok and page , those chattiest of star - crossed lovers . yes , this " glitch " closes our window on a critical time in the trump - russia investigation : mid december 2016 through mid may 2017 . that is when the bureau and justice department were reportedly conducting and renewing ( in 90 - day intervals ) court - approved fisa surveillance that may well have focused on the newly sworn - in president of the united states . ( remember : the bureau ' s then - director , james comey , testified at a march 20 house intelligence committee hearing that the investigation was probing possible coordination with trump ' s campaign and kremlin interference in the election . ) the retention default has been chalked up to a technological mishap . assuming that this truly was an indiscriminate , bureau - wide problem - that lost texts are not limited to phones involved in the trump - russia investigation - it is hard to imagine its going undetected for five months in an agency whose business is information retention . but it is not inconceivable . attorney general jeff sessions maintains that an aggressive inquiry is underway , so let ' s assume ( for argument ' s sake , at least ) that either the texts will be recovered or a satisfactory explanation for their non - retention will be forthcoming . for now , let ' s stick with the clinton - obama emails . only july 5 , 2016 , comey held the press conference at which he delivered a statement describing mrs . clinton ' s criminal conduct but nevertheless recommending against an indictment . we now know that comey ' s remarks had been in the works for two months and were revised several times by the director and his advisers . this past weekend , in a letter to the fbi regarding the missing texts , senate homeland security committee chairman ron johnson ( r . , wis . ) addressed some of these revisions . according to senator johnson , a draft dated june 30 , 2016 ( i . e . , five days before comey delivered the final version ) , contained a passage expressly referring to a troublesome email exchange between clinton and obama . ( i note that the fbi ' s report of its eventual interview of clinton contains a cryptic reference to a july 1 , 2012 , email that clinton sent from russia to obama ' s email address . see report , page 2 . ) the passage in the june 30 draft stated : we also assess that secretary clinton ' s use of a personal email domain was both known by a large number of people and readily apparent . she also used her personal email extensively while outside the united states , including from the territory of sophisticated adversaries . that use included an email exchange with the president while secretary clinton was on the territory of such an adversary . [ emphasis added . ] given that combination of factors , we assess it is possible that hostile actors gained access to secretary clinton ' s personal email account . on the same day , according to a strzok - page text , a revised draft of comey ' s remarks was circulated by his chief of staff , jim rybicki . it replaced " the president " with " another senior government official . " this effort to obscure obama ' s involvement had an obvious flaw : it would practically have begged congressional investigators and enterprising journalists to press for the identification of the " senior government official " with whom clinton had exchanged emails . that was not going to work . consequently , by the time comey delivered his remarks on july 5 , the decision had been made to avoid even a veiled allusion to obama . instead , all the stress was placed on clinton ( who was not going to be charged anyway ) for irresponsibly sending and receiving sensitive emails that were likely to have been penetrated by hostile intelligence services . comey made no reference to clinton ' s correspondent : we also assess that secretary clinton ' s use of a personal e - mail domain was both known by a large number of people and readily apparent . she also used her personal e - mail extensively while outside the united states , including sending and receiving work - related e - mails in the territory of sophisticated adversaries . [ emphasis added . ] given that combination of factors , we assess it is possible that hostile actors gained access to secretary clinton ' s personal e - mail account . the decision to purge any reference to obama is consistent with the panic that seized his administration from the moment clinton ' s use of a private , non - secure server system was revealed in early march 2015 . i detailed this reaction in a series of 2016 columns ( see , e . g . , here and here ) . what most alarmed obama and clinton advisers ( those groups overlap ) was not only that there were several clinton - obama email exchanges , but also that obama dissembled about his knowledge of clinton ' s private email use in a nationally televised interview . on march 4 , just after the new york times broke the news about clinton ' s email practices at the state department , john podesta ( a top obama adviser and clinton ' s campaign chairman ) emailed cheryl mills ( clinton ' s confidant and top aide in the obama state department ) to suggest that clinton ' s " emails to and from potus " should be " held " - i . e . , not disclosed - because " that ' s the heart of his exec privilege . " at the time , the house committee investigating the benghazi jihadist attack was pressing for production of clinton ' s emails . as his counselors grappled with how to address his own involvement in clinton ' s misconduct , obama deceptively told cbs news in a march 7 interview that he had found out about clinton ' s use of personal email to conduct state department business " the same time everybody else learned it through news reports . " perhaps he was confident that , because he had used an alias in communicating with clinton , his emails to and from her - estimated to number around 20 - would remain undiscovered . his and clinton ' s advisers were not so confident . right after the interview aired , clinton campaign secretary josh scherwin emailed jennifer palmieri and other senior campaign staffers , stating : " jen you probably have more on this but it looks like potus just said he found out hrc was using her personal email when he saw it on the news . " scherwin ' s alert was forwarded to mills . shortly afterwards , an agitated mills emailed podesta : " we need to clean this up - he has emails from her - they do not say state . gov . " ( that is , obama had emails from clinton , which he had to know were from a private account since her address did not end in " state . gov " as state department emails do . ) so how did obama and his helpers " clean this up " obama had his email communications with clinton sealed . he did this by invoking a dubious presidential - records privilege . the white house insisted that the matter had nothing to do with the contents of the emails , of course ; rather , it was intended to vindicate the principle of confidentiality in presidential communications with close advisers . with the media content to play along , this had a twofold benefit : obama was able ( 1 ) to sidestep disclosure without acknowledging that the emails contained classified information and ( 2 ) to avoid using the term " executive privilege " - with all its dark watergate connotations - even though that was precisely what he was invoking . note that claims of executive privilege must yield to demands for disclosure of relevant evidence in criminal prosecutions . but of course , that ' s not a problem if there will be no prosecution . the white house purported to repair the president ' s disingenuous statement in the cbs interview by rationalizing that he had meant that he learned of clinton ' s homebrew server system through news reports - he hadn ' t meant to claim unawareness that she occasionally used private email . this was sheer misdirection : from obama ' s standpoint , the problem was that he discussed government intelligence matters with the secretary of state through a private email account ; the fact that , in addition , clinton ' s private email account was connected to her own private server system , rather than some other private email service , was beside the point . but , again , the media was not interested in such distinctions and contentedly accepted the white house ' s non - explanation . meanwhile , attorney general loretta lynch ordered comey to use the word " matter " rather than " investigation " to describe the fbi ' s probe of clinton ' s email practices . this ensured that the democratic administration ' s law - enforcement agencies were aligning their story with the democratic candidate ' s campaign rhetoric . if there was no investigation , there would be no prosecution . in april 2016 , in another nationally televised interview , obama made clear that he did not want clinton to be indicted . his rationale was a legally frivolous straw man : clinton had not intended to harm national security . this was not an element of the felony offenses she had committed ; nor was it in dispute . no matter : obama ' s analysis was the stated view of the chief executive . if , as was sure to happen , his subordinates in the executive law - enforcement agencies conformed their decisions to his stated view , there would be no prosecution . within a few weeks , even though the investigation was ostensibly still underway and over a dozen key witnesses - including clinton herself - had not yet been interviewed , the fbi began drafting comey ' s remarks that would close the investigation . there would be no prosecution . on june 27 , lynch met with clinton ' s husband , former president bill clinton , on an out - of - the - way arizona tarmac , where their security details arranged for both their planes to be parked . over the next few days , the fbi took pains to strike any reference to obama ' s emails with mrs . clinton from the statement in which comey would effectively end the " matter " with no prosecution . on july 1 , amid intense public criticism of her meeting with bill clinton , attorney general lynch piously announced that she would accept whatever recommendation the fbi director and career prosecutors made about charging clinton . as page told strzok in a text that day , " this is a purposeful leak following the airplane snafu . " it was also playacting . page elaborated that the attorney general already " knows no charges will be brought . " of course she did : it was understood by all involved that there would be no prosecution . knowing that , lynch had given the fbi notice on june 30 that she ' d be announcing her intention to accept comey ' s recommendation . fearing this just might look a bit choreographed , the fbi promptly amended comey ' s planned remarks to include this assertion ( which he in fact made on july 5 ) : " i have not coordinated or reviewed this statement in any way with the department of justice or any other part of the government . they do not know what i am about to say . " but they did not need to participate in drafting the statement , and they did not need to know the precise words he was going to use . it was not comey ' s decision anyway . all they needed to know was that there would be no prosecution . on july 2 , with the decision that she would not be indicted long since made , mrs . clinton sat for an interview with the fbi - something she ' d never have done if there were a chance she might be charged . the farce was complete with the justice department and fbi permitting two subjects of the investigation - mills and clinton aide heather samuelson - to sit in on the interview as lawyers representing clinton . that is not something law enforcement abides when it is serious about making a case . here , however , it was clear : there would be no prosecution . all cleaned up : no indictment , meaning no prosecution , meaning no disclosure of clinton - obama emails . it all worked like a charm . . . except the part where mrs . clinton wins the presidency and the problem is never spoken of again . a version of this piece also appeared on national review online .
a trip to the cardiologist is rarely routine . usually a precipitating episode or a prior procedure prompts the appointment , and we are eager to receive a reassuring assessment . we know that the condition of the heart determines our health , and we listen with rapt attention to learn how we are really doing . this past winter while teaching at conception abbey , i had a viral infection that mimicked some sort of heart trouble . being taken to the infirmary in a male monastery was exciting for all concerned monks and patient alike . i got to see parts of the monastery that are off - limits for women , so i dutifully closed my eyes ( well , most of the time ) . thankfully , all checked out well after a trip to a regional hospital and a follow - up with my cardiologist . truly , i gained a new appreciation for my heart . the bible speaks of the heart frequently , making it the most common anthropological term in the scripture . it is the vital center of a person , and it supplies the nourishment that is life - giving . in our time , we think the brain to be the center of human activity , directing the rhythms of an individual s body ; from the ancients viewpoint , the heart was the central organ that moved the rest of the body . scripture also speaks of the heart as the source of emotional , intellectual and moral activities . thus , it plays a significant role in spiritual health , as the heart gathers up one s whole being . it is the locus of faith ; it orients a person s life , and we should be wary of giving our heart to other than god . as martin luther said , belief is that upon which we lean our heart . the gospel reading for this coming sunday includes the parable of the sower . jesus speaks of varied responses to the word of the coming reign of god , and he warns how hard it is to be faithful to it , for the cares of the world and the lure of wealth choke the word , and it yields nothing ( matthew 13 : 22 ) . the word intends to rehabilitate the human heart , which can be hardened , wicked , godless , in biblical parlance . when one broadcasts seed rather than carefully spaced planting , seeds can end up in varied contexts . good soil can encourage growth , but rocky soil or a thorny patch or a trodden path make it very hard for the seed to bear plentiful yields . varied elements conspire to keep the seed ( the word ) from accomplishing its true intent , to renew the heart by grace . responding to the word of god is not an easy thing , for it puts us at odds with the dominant culture of our world , which is all about acquisition , comfort and personal security . jesus warns that the claim of this word is difficult : when anyone hears the word of the basileia ( the reign of god ) and does not understand it , the evil one comes and snatches away what is sown in the heart ( v . 19 ) . consumerist christianity has performed a convenient work - around so as to ease the burden of jesus claim . we have relegated his warning to the status of interim ethics . jesus could only expect his followers to be radical in their fidelity because the world would soon end ; he would return and rescue them from the challenge of living in a world of competing claims . he surely could not have meant for people to live in the economics of grace long term . wallace hartsfield ii suggests to his preaching students at our seminary that one who proclaims must find the original claim of the text on the hearer , the claim for the hearer today and the claim upon the preacher . this parable would make more sense in an agricultural setting ; however , its pungent insights remain and call hearers of the word to examine their response and think about what issues forth from the heart , as well its chief longing . i recently had the opportunity to write a blurb for an important book authored by elizabeth hinson - hasty . in her forthcoming text , the problem of wealth , she challenges assumptions about why people are in poverty and calls for a new vision of community requiring economic justice . by delineating the problem when theology and economics are not integrally related , she is echoing the teaching of the parable . wealth is the problem , she contends , for it tramples compassion for the economic other . once again , it is a matter of the heart . when the word of god takes lodging in our hearts , we are beckoned toward generative living , little satisfied with only the world s goods . where the heart is located and what fruit it bears makes all the difference for the treasure that is god s emerging reign .
( screenshot : youtube / washington post ) democratic house minority speaker nancy pelosi speaking on behalf of dreamers at a press conference on thursday , january 18 , 2018 . to the right is the reverend samuel rodriguez , president of the national hispanic christian leadership conference . democrat house minority leader nancy pelosi and other democrat members of congress joined with conservative evangelicals , including national hispanic christian leadership conference president the rev . samuel rodriguez , to promote legislation to replace the deferred action for childhood arrivals policy . at a press conference held thursday afternoon that featured democrat and evangelical leaders , as well as several dreamers , or young people affected by the rescinding of daca , former house speaker pelosi stated there was " nothing partisan , nothing political " about the effort to replace daca . " we know we have to address some issues that relate to border security and we hope that we can do that in very short order , " said pelosi , adding that " we take hope in the commitment of president donald trump " to sign any legislation brought to his desk . " we are proud to be with our dreamers , who make america more american , with the hope , the determination , the optimism , the insistence on making the future better for the next generation . those are american traits . " in his remarks , rodriguez , who gave a prayer at trump ' s inauguration , explained that president trump cares about the well - being of the children of illegal immigrants and wants to sign legislation securing their legal status . expand collapse ( screenshot : youtube / washington post ) the reverend samuel rodriguez , president of the national hispanic christian leadership conference , giving remarks at a press conference on the future of dreamers . " the president wants to make this happen . he wants to make this happen . he ' s a grandfather and a father . he has expressed that to me personally in the white house : ' i don ' t want to harm these kids . i want to make this happen , ' " said rodriguez . rodriguez also spoke about the " clarion call " for border security coming from both the white house and the republican - controlled congress . " the wall is a physical object created by man . 800 , 000 human beings created in the image of god by god , " noted rodriguez . " so if we have to build a wall in order to secure and save 800 , 000 lives , let ' s make that happen as expeditiously as possible . . . let ' s build a wall , simultaneously saving 800 , 000 kids . " also in attendance for the press conference were bishop harry jackson , senior pastor of hope christian church , and congresswoman michelle lujan grisham ( d - nm ) , chairwoman of the congressional hispanic caucus . last september , the trump administration announced that they were rescinding the obama - era daca program , which temporarily protected immigrants who were brought to the united states illegally when they were children . in a statement read to the press , u . s . attorney general jeff sessions announced that daca was being " rescinded " as it was viewed as an unlawful unilateral action on the part of the previous administration . " this policy was implemented unilaterally to great controversy and legal concern after congress rejected legislative proposals to extend similar benefits on numerous occasions to this same group of illegal aliens , " stated sessions . " in other words , the executive branch , through daca , deliberately sought to achieve what the legislative branch specifically refused to authorize on multiple occasions . such an open - ended circumvention of immigration laws was an unconstitutional exercise of authority by the executive branch . " the full rescinding of daca was given a six - month delay so that congress could pass legislation on behalf of those , commonly called dreamers , threatened with deportation once the program was gone . earlier this month , federal judge william alsup of san francisco issued a temporary block to the administration ' s ending of daca , arguing that the department of homeland security ' s " decision to rescind daca was based on a flawed legal premise . " " as a result , daca recipients who failed to renew their status by last year ' s deadline will have a chance to submit renewal applications . the decision does not , however , allow new applications to be submitted , " reported the hill . johnnie moore , a religious freedom advocate and evangelical leader with strong ties to the trump administration , helped to organize the press conference . in a statement posted to twitter , moore explained that " nearly every republican , as well as potus himself , believe this is the just thing to do . " " it is the job of congress to make laws not according to their opinions but the opinions of their constituents . our system demands compromise . we encourage pray for a dacadeal , " added moore .
( photo : facebook ) louise and david turpin and their children . a christian couple arrested for torture and child endangerment after their 13 children were rescued from their filthy home on the weekend only allowed the severely malnourished children to eat once a day and one shower a year , according to law enforcement officials . " they were not being fed and they were living in filthy , dirty conditions . that ' s gonna take its toll , " said captain greg fellows of the riverside county sheriff ' s department at a press conference . the children of david allen turpin , 57 , and his 49 - year - old wife , louise anna turpin , were rescued from their home in perris , california , on sunday after their emaciated 17 - year - old daughter escaped and alerted police that her siblings were being held captive by her parents . " further investigation revealed several children shackled to their beds with chains and padlocks in dark and foul - smelling surroundings , but the parents were unable to immediately provide a logical reason why their children were restrained in that manner , " police said in a press release . what was even more shocking , they say , was that seven of the 13 victims who ranged in age from 2 to 29 were adults 18 and older . an official with knowledge of the case told nbc news that the four - bedroom home where they lived was like a prison and reeked of urine . all of the children are reportedly being treated for severe malnutrition at local hospitals and doctors are worried they could go into shock . as soon as their conditions improve , psychologists are expected to be brought in to evaluate them . david turpin ' s 81 - year - old mother , betty turpin , said it ' s difficult to believe what was happening in her son ' s house because she felt he and his wife were " model christians . " " i feel they were model christians . it ' s hard to believe all of this . over the years , ( only ) the lord knows what happened , " she told the daily breeze . " i ' m not just a bragging parent . we raised two sons . they never gave us any problem , never got on drugs . . . . ( we ) kept them in church . we never had to make them go to church . " david turpin ' s brother , randy turpin , who has been president of the pentecostal valor christian college since 2015 , has asked for privacy as he deals with the revelations about the family of his estranged brother . expand collapse ( photo : facebook ) randy turpin , president of valor christian college in ohio . " the valor christian college community joins with millions of americans who are shocked and saddened by these terrible stories from california and we are praying for the full recovery of all involved , " the ohio school said on behalf of their president who has taken a sabbatical to deal with the family crisis . betty turpin , who lives in princeton , west virginia , told the daily breeze that she vacationed with her son and his wife six years ago and she cannot reconcile the police report with her experience then . " they are the sweetest family , " she said . " they were just like any ordinary family . and they had such good relationships . i ' m not just saying this stuff . these kids , we were amazed . they were ' sweetie ' this and ' sweetie ' that to each other . " elizabeth jane flores , who is louise turpin ' s estranged sister , said she tried for years to get in touch with the children but their parents would not allow it . " i want to reach out to the kids , i want them to know that for years we begged to skype , we begged to see them , the whole family , " she told abc news ' " good morning america " through tears . " i was shocked because my sister and i haven ' t really had a sister relationship for about 20 years . so other than maybe like a call every once in a while , and sometimes those calls are like a year apart . so i was shocked , i was devastated , " flores said of the police rescue . " we were never allowed to be a part of their lives . " she explained that she lived with her sister and her family for a few months when she was in college . the turpins , she said , only had four children at that time and the eldest was in elementary school . " i thought they were really strict , but i didn ' t see any type of abuse , " she said . " now that i ' m an adult , i look back , i see things that i didn ' t see then . " she recalled , however , that she had " uncomfortable " experiences with her brother - in - law but she never said anything because she was " young " and " scared . " " he did things that made me feel uncomfortable , " flores said . " if i were to get in the shower , he would come in there while i was in there and watch me , and it was like a joke . he never touched me or anything . " despite the estrangement between her and her sister , she said she was praying for the family . " i want her to know that she ' s still my blood and i love her . i don ' t agree with what she did and her actions have made the whole family suffer . but i want her to know that i ' m praying for her salvation and that we do love her , " said flores . " i love louise , but the kids are my concern . "
( photo : reuters / tony gentile ) pope francis leads his wednesday general audience at paul vi auditorium hall in vatican city february 8 , 2017 . pope francis has dismissed out of touch pastors leading double lives as a " wound " to the church which parishioners should not emulate . " it ' s bad to see pastors with double lives . it ' s a wound to the church . sick pastors , who have lost authority and carry on with this double life . jesus is stern with them . he not only tells people not to listen to them but also to not do what they do . what does he tell them ' you ' re white sepulchers . ' beautiful in doctrine on the outside , but rotting within , " francis said in a strongly - worded homily at casa santa marta on jan . 9 . the pope warned that when pastors begin to lead double lives it is usually a symptom that their prayer life is weak and they have lost touch with the people they are supposed to be serving . " this is the end of a pastor who is neither close to god in prayer nor close to the people in compassion , " he said . in november , francis highlighted how jesus warned his disciples about the scribes and pharisees who " tie up heavy burdens hard to carry and lay them on people ' s shoulders , but they will not lift a finger to move them . " " this attitude is a wicked exercise of authority , " he said , noting that spiritual leaders should lead by good example , " helping others practice what is right and due , supporting them in the trials that they encounter on the path of goodness . " when authority is exercised badly , the pope explained , " it becomes oppressive , it does not allow people to grow and it creates a climate of distrust and of hostility , and also brings corruption . " the pope ' s warning at the time came in light of a report that indonesian bishop hubertus leteng had been accused by dozens of priests in the diocese of ruteng of having a mistress and misusing over 120 , 000 in church funds . he later resigned from his post . the pontiff urged pastors who have lost their authority to not lose hope like the high priest eli in the bible . despite the failure of his two sons , hophni and phinehas , to live a life of righteousness , eli still allowed them to serve as priests in the tabernacle which angered god and the people of israel . " i say to the pastors who are detached from god and from the people , ' don ' t lose hope . there ' s always another possibility . it was enough for a man to look and approach a woman , listen to her and awaken the authority to bless and prophecy . " accordingly , a son was born to her . authority . authority , a gift from god . it only comes from him . jesus gives it to his own . authority in speaking , which comes from closeness to god and to the people . they always go together . authority is coherence , not double life . it ' s authority , and if a pastor loses it , he should not lose hope , like eli . there ' s always time to come close and reawaken authority and prophecy , " francis said .
( photo : baltimore ravens ) baltimore ravens tight end benjamin watson points to the sky during an nfl pre - season game in this undated file photo from 2016 . baltimore ravens tight end and pending free agent benjamin watson needed just two words to slam the nation ' s largest abortion provider for quoting the words of dr . martin luther king jr . , one of the most revered civil rights activists of the 1960 s . on martin luther king day monday , planned parenthood , much like many other organizations in the united states , posted a tribute to the slain minister on its facebook page . planned parenthood shared a picture of king that features the word " dream " in big white lettering . along with the picture , the abortion chain quoted king as saying : " our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter . " " today , we remember dr king ' s legacy of resistance and commit to carrying the torch of courageous vision and action towards justice and equity . mlkday , " the planned parenthood post reads . the post by planned parenthood , which performs over 300 , 000 abortions every year and has been accused of unfairly targeting african - american and minority communities , didn ' t sit well with watson , a devout christian who has voiced his pro - life beliefs many times in the past . watson shared the planned parenthood post on his own facebook page and offered two words in response : " just stop . " the post comes as watson gears up to speak to christians gathered in washington , d . c . , this week for the annual evangelicals for life conference , hosted by the southern baptist convention ' s ethics religious liberty commission . in august 2016 , watson made national headlines after it was reported that he told turning point pregnancy resource center in an interview that planned parenthood was created to " exterminate " african - americans . " i do know that blacks kind of represent a large portion of the abortions , and i do know that honestly the whole idea with planned parenthood and [ founder margaret ] sanger in the past was to exterminate blacks , and it ' s kind of ironic that it ' s working , " watson said . " we [ as minorities ] support candidates , and overwhelmingly support the idea of having planned parenthood and the like , and yet , that is why she created it . " watson also seemingly criticized minorities for buying into the abortion agenda . " we are buying it hook , line , and sinker , like it ' s a great thing . it ' s just amazing to me and abortion saddens me , period , " watson explained . " but it seems to be something that is really pushed on minorities and provided to minorities especially as something that they should do . in the public , it seems to be painted that when minorities get pregnant they need to get abortions , especially when it comes to teen pregnancy . " " it ' s like when black girls are pregnant , it ' s like a statistic , but when white girls get pregnant , they get a tV show , " he added . last january , watson spoke to marchers at the 2017 march for life . at the event , watson called on those in attendance to make an impact within their own sphere of influence . " this is the power of one . it is the power of influence , to influence people in our neighborhoods in our churches , in our workplaces on our teams , " watson said . " it is also the power to unite as we have today as one , for a common cause to end the unthinkable practice of abortion in america . " " to be pro - life should be all encompassing , from conception to the grave . "
reuters / suhaib salem palestinian children watch worshippers as they attend orthodox christian palm sunday mass at the saint porfirios church in gaza city april 5 , 2015 . the number of christians living in the gaza strip has massively declined , church leaders have warned , hailing believers who choose to stay behind despite the hardships as being " real heroes . " bishop oscar cantu of las cruces , new mexico , told catholic news service earlier this week that people in the region are barely " scrapping by " because the area has been blockaded by israel since hamas , a terrorist group , controls the government . what is more , only 130 roman catholic parishioners remain in gaza , while not long ago there were 1 , 700 , he said . " the numbers of christians in gaza is dropping precipitously . it is just sad to hear , because obviously there is little to no opportunity for young people . there is little encouragement for them to stay , " cantu said . several church leaders celebrated mass at holy family parish in gaza on sunday , as part of the annual holy land coordination , where bishops from around the world meet with israeli and palestinian groups in an effort to promote peace . archbishop stephen brislin of cape town , south africa , said it is understandable why many people are leaving gaza , despite reconstruction work that ' s been ongoing since the 2014 conflict . " the young people feel they must decide between staying in gaza or leaving to find schools and jobs in other parts of the world , " brislin told cns . " this affects the christian community . the young people who stay in gaza are the real heroes . they are willing to sacrifice in order to create families and christian life in gaza . " the challenges are massive , however , as young people face nearly 70 percent unemployment in gaza . still , brislin said it ' s imperative that the christian community continues to exist in gaza , which is known in the bible as one of the places the holy family passed through on their way to egypt . " basically , people are imprisoned . it can feel very claustrophobic . . . for young people with a lot of dreams and hopes and potentials . and these potentials are broken because of the lack of opportunities , " the archbishop warned . christians in gaza have often found themselves caught in the crossfire of the israeli and palestinian conflict , and have also faced struggles against the muslim majority in the area . hundreds of believers staged protests in 2012 , reuters reports , and blamed hamas - affiliated groups of kidnapping members of the christian community and forcing them to convert to islam . recently , many muslims and christians in gaza came together to protest against u . s . president donald trump ' s decision to recognize jerusalem as israel ' s capital , al jazeera , a news outlet controlled by the qatari government , reported . " everyone we have spoken to here is in opposition to the u . s . move , and they say it only adds to the frustration of life here , " al jazeera reported . trump ' s move sparked praise from many israeli religious leaders , but was met with strong opposition from the arab world .
( photo : reuters / brian snyder ) demonstrators holding an " interfaith prayer vigil for immigrant justice " talk to ethnic chinese christians who fled indonesia after wide scale rioting decades ago and overstayed their visas in the u . s . , following their family meeting , including their five year - old daughter ( r ) , with icE , in manchester , new hampshire , u . s . , october 13 , 2017 . the plight of around 50 indonesian christians living in the u . s . but threatened with deportations by the administration of president donald trump has been likened by a federal judge to jewish people fleeing the nazis in world war ii . " we ' re not going to be that country , " judge patti b . saris said on wednesday at a hearing in u . s . district court in boston . " we don ' t want to put them on the ship unless someone " can review their contention that deportation back to indonesia is " a really bad situation for them , " she added , according to the boston globe . saris was referencing a case in 1939 when an ocean liner filled with 937 passengers , mostly jews , left germany for america , but was turned away by government officials . hundreds of those jews were reporedly later killed during the holocaust . saris has ruled in favor of the christians on a number of occasions against the trump administration , and in november said that immigration officials do not have the right to carry out immediate deportations . the believers fear that they will face persecution , torture , and possibly death if they are sent back home to the world ' s largest muslim nation . most of the indonesians came to the u . s . in the late 1990 s and 2000 s , fleeing anti - christian violence . although many overstayed their visas , u . s . authorities allowed them to stay based on certain conditions , such as checking in regularly . they have been caught up in the net of trump ' s crackdown on illegal immigration , however , and in august immigration officials told them they only have 30 days to get a plane ticket and depart the country . attorneys for the christians are arguing that their clients deserve the right to at least challenge the deportation orders , and raise their fears of persecution with the board of immigration appeals . the justice department has argued that the indonesians have not proven that they are likely to face persecution or torture if they are sent back home , however . " their assertion that ' all face a significant risk of persecution and torture if removed to indonesia ' is unsupported by facts that relate to any specific petitioner , " doj lawyers have said . democratic sen . jeanne shaheen , who brokered the deal in 2009 that allowed the christians to stay in seacoast communities in new hampshire , has insisted that they do face significant religious persecution back home . " deporting these individuals will needlessly split families and communities , and put lives in danger . i ' ll continue to make every effort to prevent these deportations so that the indonesian community can continue to live peacefully in new hampshire , " shaheen said last year . meldy lumangkun , one indonesian christian , told icE officials in manchester that there is also concern for the children . " we are afraid to go home . we fear for the safety of our children , " lumangkun explained . " here our children can live safely . "
( photos : screen shot via youtube ; h m ; instagram ) leader of baltimore ' s empowerment temple church , jamal bryant . more than a week after instagram deleted a post from megachurch pastor jamal bryant for not " promoting harmony " because he urged a boycott of swedish clothing retail giant h m over racist advertising , an official from facebook , which owns the application , said it was a " mistake . " " we mistakenly removed the content and worked to rectify the mistake as soon as we were notified , " an instagram spokesperson told the christian post in a statement late thursday . the empowerment temple church leader and social activist revealed in a video he posted on his facebook page on jan . 8 that he took umbrage to h m ' s use of a black boy to model a sweatshirt with the slogan " coolest monkey in the jungle " that was featured on the company ' s u . k . website and decided to join in a growing protest against the company for their insensitivity . " i immediately at 6 o ' clock this morning ( jan . 8 ) en route to the gym , posted on instagram . that every person who is of conscience no matter what your color , should in fact be boycotting h m because they do not appreciate our dollars and don ' t understand our depth and don ' t think highly enough of us to put us on their board of directors . boycotth m , " bryant said in the video . facebook also never had an african - american on its board until it announced thursday that it will bring kenneth chenault , the ceo of american express , onto its board . after about 4 , 000 people had approved his message on the social platform , bryant said instagram sent him a note saying : " we have taken the liberty to delete your post because it does not promote harmony . " a more diplomatic version of bryant ' s controversial post is currently live on his instagram page . many high profile public figures such as Nba star lebron james and rapper diddy have voiced their disapproval of the h m advertisement . singer abel makkonen tesfaye , popularly known as " the weeknd , " has canceled his partnership with the company . there has been intense global backlash over the advertising . at least two h m outlets in south africa were trashed by the opposition economic freedom fighters party during anti - racism protests that forced the company to close all of its stores in that country on saturday . a fortune report said the company announced annie wu as their new global leader for diversity and inclusiveness on tuesday . she was already the global manager for employee relations . " the recent incident was entirely unintentional , but it demonstrates so clearly how big our responsibility is as a global brand , " h m said in a message on instagram . " our commitment to addressing diversity and inclusiveness is genuine , therefore we have appointed a global leader , in this area , to drive our work forward . " bryant charged , however , that despite the company ' s apology , it has no real commitment to diversity and inclusion . " don ' t walk away from h m just for today . shut the door , " he told his supporters . " save your apology h m . the reason why it is that you are able to do it with clear conscience is that you are developing , you are manufacturing , you are warehousing , you are shipping all at the hands of black people but on your board of 12 , you have not one minority sitting on your board . "
have you ever seen something or someone you just couldn t explain it seems the people of chicago are experiencing something quite surreal . according to the chicagotribune , there h
while many of us know and understand our basic astrology sign and personality type , we often overlook how understanding astrology can benefit us socially . by better understanding the other signs , and their basic traits , we can also understand the type of person we are dealing with . and if you weren t born yesterday , it s likely that you have met some pretty dishonest and fake people within your lifetime . of course , these aren t the worst people in the world , but they can be just as toxic within your life . so which zodiac signs are the most genuine and honest , and which ones are completely on the other side of the scale well , i am glad you asked . if any sign from the entire zodiac is known for their complete honesty , it is the sagittarius . actually , the sagittarius believes in morality and is against lying so very much that they may even offend you with how honest they are . while it may come off as brutal , they truly only mean the best . 2 . aries similar to the sagittarius , the aries is a sign of brutal honesty . if you do something stupid , they will tell you , with no holds barred . however , while the sagittarius means well , the aries is a little more offensive about it . but , don t take it too hard , as it is just a major aspect of their personality . 3 . aquarius aquarius could possibly be considered one of the most genuine signs of the zodiac . their honesty is rooted in their desire to be themselves , and due to this , they refuse to tell anything but the truth . thankfully , in contrast to the aries and sagittarius , they are a bit more kind about it . 4 . libra libras are very passionate individuals with a high - level of morality . if they feel strongly about someone or something , they will become the most driven individuals in the zodiac . because of this , they are also one of the most genuine . because of capricorn s very strong self - discipline , they are known for coming through on their word . to the capricorn , their word should mean something and they will stop and nothing to make sure that it remains as so . 6 . cancer not only do cancers say what they feel , but they also are able to maintain deep emotional bonds with other people , which they feel are truly important to them on a major level . because of this , the cancer lives their life as ethically as possible . 7 . scorpio while scorpio is one of the most loyal signs of the zodiac , they are also known for their honesty . however , while they are loyal and honest , their passion for others can also cause them to come off as jealous or possessive . 8 . leo leos , similar to capricorns regard themselves highly and have much self respect . while they won t outright tell a major lie , embellishing the truth is not beyond their scope of capability . 9 . pisces as an intuitive sign , pisces also has a sense of exactly how much they can get away with or what is better to keep hidden from the general public . similar to leos , they won t tell an outright lie , but they will bend the truth a bit to protect themselves or others . 10 . taurus the taurus is a sign that can be a bit split . while they will readily provide you with factual information , they may censor themselves from telling the entire truth , or hold back entire scenarios for their own benefit . 11 . virgo virgo and gemini are tied for the most dishonest . while virgo can be a stickler in many ways , their overactive imaginations can lead to various lies . sometimes , they may not even intend to lie to you , however , their imaginations kick in and create scenarios that aren t entirely true . 12 . gemini finding themselves at the bottom of this list , it has been said that you can tell if a gemini is lying by whether or not their mouth is moving . furthermore , the gemini will not only lie continuously , they may even lose track of their lies , leading to more and more lies until they are caught . featured image via little info cue
monsanto has really gotten brave when it comes to what they think they can get away with . monsanto has become the most inconsistent , public betraying , and health neglecting food companies in the entire world , and it is time to shut them down . i m sure each person reading this article has already read one or more articles about something monsanto has done to the public . they genetically modify organisms and poison the people . monsanto should ve been shut down years ago , but now they really should . we know that monsanto won t be shut down though because they are among the chains of companies that rule the entire world . recently , some really interesting things were released about monsanto and they are literally scrambling to bury it . be sure to share so that monsanto can be exposed once and for all . the fda registered food safety laboratory tested iconic american food for residues of monsanto s weed killer glyphosate . this chemical is also known as round - up . following the tests they found incredible amounts of this dangerous chemical in all kinds of foods many of the foods were found to have over 1 , 000 times the safe amount here are the results . it is really upsetting that we have to discuss the dangers of this chemical . but of course , some people will deny our integrity and assume that this chemical is harmless . glyphosate is terrible for humans . it is weed killer , of course . glyphosate has even been linked to cancer . in 2015 , the world health organization declared the chemical as probably carcinogenic to humans . the observation was based on animal tests , test tube studies , and observational studies . mice and rat studies showed that the chemical produced the growth of tumors after the ingestion of the chemical . a few of the cases were even linked to non - hodgkin lymphoma , a cancer that originates in white blood cells . this cancer cripples the immune system and will leave you for dead . are we really okay will eating foods that are so likely to cause such a disease the word is being ran by money hungry CEo s , and they are neglecting our health . stand up to monsanto image via business insider
we have all been affected by cancer in some way or another . we share information almost daily about how to cure it and the things that cause it but could the cure to cancer really be this simple according to gregg braden , an american author when it comes to cancer therapy our minds play a much bigger role than we would initially think . how we feel significantly affects our Dna . he suggests that through the power of collective thought we could have a positive effect in treating all sorts of diseases , not just cancer . right off the bat , you may think this sounds like a load of bullshit and i could see why . however , this theory does not push that you need to be religious in order to do this , a matter of face you do not have to be religious at all for this to work . braden believes there is a field that unites everything . this field he is referring to is one that has been scientifically proven and explained in the science journal nature no . 332 back in 1996 . now many are still quite skeptical about this but the video below as you will see shows this theory in action . in the video , you can see plain as day cancer being eliminated in about three minutes or less . the whole process is demonstrated over an ultrasound screen and is quite interesting to watch . braden says this works because of the strong electromagnetic radiation being produced during the video . he says that if you want to be able to do this yourself you will need to learn to focus and enhance your effects . this is something he claims lots of practice can show you how to do . what do you think about this could positive thinking really be a cure or is this a load of bologna
not only do they arrive with nothing but their hands held out for freebies , they are bitching and moaning about not getting good enough treatment by overwhelmed italian officials . they should be thankful italy didn t blow them out of the water . FlOCKinG UninVitED to the tiny italian island of lampedusa , some 15 , 000 north african muslim [ ]
an egg inside an egg . sounds tasty doesn t when one couple gathered some eggs from their hen , they came across a very large egg . it turned out that the egg was large for a good reason it had another egg inside it . the video below shows the actual footage of what happens when the large egg is cracked open . in addition to a yoke and a white that you would normally see when you crack an egg , you see an entirely separate egg complete and still in its shell . the egg owner is intrigued and goes on to opening the extra egg to see what s inside it . it turns out this is a normal egg with the yolk and white intact . apparently , there is a name for such a phenomenon and an egg inside an egg is known as a counter - peristalsis contraction , which means that the egg that had already gone through the hen s oviduct gets sucked back up before it has a chance to finish developing , thus allowing another egg to develop around it . sometimes , if you have another ovulation before the first egg is laid , you have a counter - peristalsis contraction , which means the oviduct will contract upward , and the first egg will be moved back up , poultry science editor gregory bedecarats said . when you see a tiny egg incorporated in a larger one , it means the egg was still present in the shell gland and got sucked back up the oviduct to where the other egg was having its white deposited . the result is a mega - egg . the owner of the hen that laid this egg was worried that the hen didn t die when the egg was coming out . because all those who were present for the big mega - egg reveal were too scared to eat the egg , the wife used it as an ingredient in her hair conditioner . commenters felt sorry for the hen that had to push the mega - egg out poor chicken that had to push that monster out hahaha . and they certainly found the humor in the case of the massive egg well , the question which came first : the chicken or the egg should wait a little bit longer . evidently , eggs aren t the only thing that comes in doubles i have seen that happen once before when my aunt had chickens . also , cut a bell pepper open once and there was another tiny , fully formed , bell pepper inside it . when the family cracks open the egg it looks a bit like one of those russian nesting dolls . one commenter had a decent explanation for the rare incident
did you ever stop and think about where pumpkin pie originally came from there is really no time like the week of thanksgiving to dabble in these types of thoughts , which is why you are about to be enlightened by the truth behind that classic pumpkin pie holiday dish . believe it or not , it wasn t your grandmother who came up with the tasty dessert . while she may not like the fact that she is no longer deserving of the credit , rest assured , the original pumpkin pie was made far differently than the one that we know today . and it was invented by the pilgrims today , pumpkin pie looks like any other pie , brimming with a tasty filling and topped with sweet whipped cream . it s top is smooth , its crust is hearty and it simply looks delicious . but , when the pilgrims first made this holiday favorite , it looked a lot different than what we know today . instead of a smooth pie exterior , the recipe of the past looked more like a pie , literally inside a pumpkin . if you feel like getting in touch with history this thanksgiving , you can try out the pilgrims version of pumpkin pie - first , you are going to get a pie pumpkin . these aren t your average carving pumpkins , instead they are a little bit flatter , with grooves on the outside . they are also known as sugar pumpkins , and are smaller in shape than the monstrous pumpkins you d find at your typical pumpkin patch . pie pumpkins are commonly found in the grocery store in the produce section or at farm stands . this small , round pumpkin is packed full of flesh that makes it a good choice for cooking . the pulp also has a better texture , is sweeter , and a lot less grainy . - slice off the top of the pumpkin and clean out the inside , scooping diligently with your hand until it s free of the guts and seeds . - set the pumpkin on a cookie sheet and cover with foil . you will then bake it at 400 degrees until it s tender . a fork should easily be able to cut through the outside . a 15 pound pumpkin takes two hours to reach tender status , so do the math and bake accordingly . now , it s time to make the custard . for this , you will need - 8 eggs - 1 cup brown sugar - 1 1 / 4 teaspoon pumpkin spice - 2 cans of evaporated milk ( 24 ounces ) - whisk all custard ingredients together , until smooth and blended . it will be a liquid consistency . - use a ladle to remove any excess liquid from the inside of the pumpkin - pour the custard into the inside of the pumpkin . - lower the oven to 350 degrees and bake the pumpkin for one hour or until the custard firms up . your end result should look like your pie pumpkin on the outside . when you cut into it , you will surprise your guests with a tasty custard filling . it definitely looks more festive than the pumpkin pies that we ve been raised to know . maybe you will bring back an old classic to your family s thanksgiving table
food banks receive donations from generous people , but oftentimes they get an outdated can in the mix . in some cases , a recently expired can is still edible , but what about a product that is years beyond the expiration watch the video to see what a can of sweet corn , with a best used by date of august 1982 , looks like when it s opened by an employee of a food bank in cardiff where the item was donated . she runs a can opener along the top , which appears to be free of any dents or rust , and it makes a fresh pop as it s cut into . once open , you might be surprised to find that the corn looks every bit as fresh as a can that has not expired . by all appearances , it s fresh and bright in color , but does it pass the sniff test while the woman smells it and doesn t say it smells like it s gone bad , she does note that it has a very strong metallic odor . based on the long overdue date and the tin smell , she says it s not okay for consumption . needless to say , the vegetable doesn t undergo a taste test , but if her reaction to the smell is any indication , it s not going to taste very good . others noted that another item in the lineup of donated products was a heinz kidney soup , which is a flavor that s no longer made . the can is believed to be at least 46 - years - old helen bull , the trust s partnership and fundraising manager , explained the reason why they sometimes get older donations , noting : especially at harvest time people empty their cupboards of food they no longer need . it s out of a generous heart but i just think they don t think and don t necessarily look at the dates . of the heinz can , she noted , it would be great if anybody wants to give us lots of money for it . it should probably be in a museum . the outdated can of soup even caught heinz s attention , as the company tweeted : wow that soup was discontinued over 35 years ago . should be in a museum rather than a food bank as for what they do when they receive out - of - date food items , helen explained : sometimes we do end up throwing quite a lot of food out . we get an awful lot of out - of - date food . these vintage cans , however , she said they will keep , saying , it might remind people to give us in - date food . one commenter on the mirror s coverage of the story noted that they would likely have given the food a taste , saying : i would of tasted it . i reckon it would be fine we in the uk eat with our eyes not our mouths / taste buds . well not me . stilton anyone another noted : i don t look at dates . they said they found some corned beef from the napoleonic wars which was still edible . that s good enough for me . if it smells and looks oK one commenter further noted that they re not that fussy , explaining , my mum gave us ketchup which was suspiciously dark ( although we still ate it ) it was 15 years old . we also found a tin of condensed milk that was 20 something years old and tried it looked dodgy , tasted fine mind you i love condensed milk so maybe i m just not that fussy .
i don t know about you , but i love getting fresh strawberries . when we have some time on a weekend morning , my wife and i make pancakes and put some sliced strawberries on top before dousing it with maple syrup . it s a delicious breakfast item but hardly the only way to enjoy fresh strawberries . these versatile berries are good for many things from breakfast to dessert and even as an add - in to some salads . and if you re like me , you like to stock your fridge with fresh fruits and vegetables . and why should you but strawberries can spoil and then you waste your money . however , expert farmers revealed a revolutionary tip to help you make your strawberries last longer . strawberries are a delicious way to add some nutrition into your diet . they re loaded with vitamin c , folate , potassium , fiber , manganese , magnesium and tons of cancer - fighting antioxidants . they re a great way to get a much - needed nutritional boost . strawberries have been linked to improving brain function , boosting eyesight , reducing high blood pressure , decreasing symptoms of arthritis , and even lowering the risk of some cardiovascular diseases . if you re not eating strawberries on a regular basis , you re missing up on a great boost to your diet . you should definitely buy some this week . and after learning this tip , you ll be able to ensure they last longer than usual . while strawberries might be on sale some seasons of the year , they re usually pretty expensive . so it s a shame when you forget about them and then they spoil . it can sometimes deter you from buying them again . but don t fear there is a way to help them last longer . hip2save shared a life hack to help keep your strawberries fresher in the fridge for longer . to make your red berries last longer , you just need some white vinegar . simply mix one part white vinegar with 5 parts water in a large bowl . think about using cup vinegar with 2 cups of water . mix the liquids together then soak your berries in the vinegar mix for a few minutes . after that , the strawberries shouldn t spoil for a while . the vinegar helps get rid of mold spores and other bacteria that start to rot away the fruit before you re ready to eat them . while you might be a little squeamish around using vinegar , don t worry it doesn t make your strawberries taste any different . instead it just cleans them better than water alone . once you ve soaked them in the white vinegar solution for a while , drain them out in a colander or a salad spinner . and when they re all clean , pop them into a container and store them in your fridge like you normally would . but if you really want to make them last , dry them thoroughly then place them onto a paper towel inside your fridge . another tip : if you notice a moldy strawberry in the bunch , remove it immediately . this can help prevent the mold spores from traveling to other berries and running more of them . please shaRE this UsEFUL KitchEN tip with a friend online today
an evangelical megachurch was destroyed by chinese communist authorities tuesday in the country ' s northern shanxi province , sparking fears among christians that the persecution they suffer will soon get worse . china aid said in an update wednesday that chinese military police detonated explosives inside golden lampstand church in linfen , destroying the 2 . 6 million house of worship , which was owned by the christians who worshiped there . read more here : < URL >
by angola 3 news the release of albert woodfox , the last of the angola three still in prison , has been delayed by the state of the louisiana and a compliant federal court . woodfax , the black panthers
y all smokin truth up in here or what oh shit , lemme hit that , son yo this shit is fire aight now ima git u fucked up , fucked up real good you understand . yo i m the fuckin police , put your hands on that wall . i said put your fucking hands on that wall and spread your legs didn t think i was a cop , did ya didn t tHinK tHE law woULD find oUt , huh well we Know yoU and yoUR CoCKsUCKa friends have been in here alllll niGHt smoKin tRUtH , and yoU Know How we Know because we weRE watCHinG yoU on a FUCKinG weBCam on tHE DaRKnEt , motHERFUCKER . why don t you take a seat over there , on this diiiiiiiiiick , motherfucker dude i m JUst PLayin witH yoU , we ain t no PoLiCE , DawG it s JUst yoU and mE here , BaBy , oKay now get back on them sticks and let s play some FiFa . nine hours later , you look over at your friend and he s like ye fiyad . stay away from them boys and hide your weed cuz sessions comin after it right fuckin now , watch out , that s him , here he comes [ but i thought the president did drugs ]
she never mentions the word muslim or islamic or even migrant when referring to the heinous truck jihad attack on innocent civilians , yet vows to do more for the victims and affected families after the government offered virtually no support after the deadly terrorist attack . an open letter by some of the bereaved accused merkel of failing [ ]
there have been some 16 unexplained bomb attacks in stockholm over the past two months and the media has been virtually silent about it . swedish blogger , petersweden , seems to be only one making these kind of reports available in english . the once beautiful , peaceful , and safe country of sweden is predicted to be a third [ ]
japan has repeatedly been condemned by the united nations and european leaders for refusing to take in more than a handful of muslim asylum seekers in any given year ( only 11 were granted asylum in 2016 ) , but they not only are standing firm on their policies for refugees and immigration , they are making it even harder for asylum seekers to work . mindful of the fact that so - called multiculturalism ( when it consists of large numbers of muslims ) has been a failure in europe , where most muslims refuse to assimilate and the majority of refugees , who have little or no skills , will live on welfare benefits for most of their lives , japan sees no need to cave in to international pressure to be more welcoming to refugees . on the other hand , japan is one of the world s leading financial contributors to refugee assistance programs , as long as those refugees are not in japan . business insider ( h / t marvin w ) japan will limit asylum seekers right to work starting today , making changes to its refugee system that are likely to swell the numbers of those in detention centers , the justice ministry said , prompting refugee groups to flag humanitarian concerns . the move to tighten one of the developed world s toughest refugee systems , which accepted just ten during the period from january to september last year , is a bid to clamp down on what japan views as a system of back - door immigration . from monday , the right to work is to be limited only to those japan regards as bonafide refugees , while repeat applicants and those failing initial checks will be held in detention centers after their permission to stay in japan expires , the justice ministry said . we want to focus on responding appropriately to refugees that need protection , justice minister yoko kamikawa told a news conference on friday , adding that the changes do not mean the government will be reluctant to accept refugees . asylum seekers with valid visas now receive renewable permits to work in japan while their refugee claims are reviewed a system the government says has spurred people to seek asylum as a means of finding jobs . with its shrinking population and high barriers to blue - collar immigration , japan is grappling with the tightest labor demand in decades . this has spawned a gray labor market , in which worker - strapped companies hire asylum seekers to make up the numbers , reuters investigations have found . the number of asylum seekers in japan has risen steadily in recent years to a record , with more than 14 , 000 applicants between january and september last year , an increase of almost 80 percent from the year earlier period , ministry data shows . about 60 percent of those asylum seekers would not qualify for work permits under the new system , said justice ministry official tetsuya hagioka , who oversees the refugee system . the changes , which could lead to more detentions , will affect only those who seek asylum after monday , hagioka said , adding that current holders of work permits can continue working while their claims are reviewed . japan s immigration detention centers held 417 , 383 people in 2016 , the latest year for which data is available . the figure includes those detained more than once during the year , however . activists say cracking down on asylum seekers looking for work will not resolve the issue , however . the abuse of the refugee system stems from the fundamental fact that japan suffers from labor shortages and yet does not accept foreign workers , said eri ishikawa , of the japan association for refugees . we are greatly worried about the government threatening the asylum seekers livelihood without addressing this core issue .
the publicly - funded cbc has published an opinion piece arguing that canadians who have large families should be shamed , and that the country instead should be importing more ( muslim ) and other 3 rd world freeloaders . breitbart ( h / t marvin w ) the crown corporation , which is roughly analogous to britain s bbc , ran the the crown corporation , which is roughly analogous to britain s bbc , ran the article in response to fixer upper stars chip and joanna gaines s announcement that they were expecting a fifth child . kristen pyszczyk , a toronto - based writer whose interests include feminism , mental health , addiction , pop culture , and digital media , claimed that having a child was not just a personal choice , but a choice that affects everyone who inhabits our planet . she argued that the social media backlash the gaineses have received represents a conversation we need to have in order to challenge our uncritical acceptance of the life - fulfillment - through - procreation story . the main thrust of pyszczyk s piece is that westerners should not be having children because they are bad for the environment . population control is a fraught topic , she admits , alluding vaguely to nasty historical events but claims that it is not an exaggeration to say that the survival of our species depends on it . shame is a powerful tool for changing behaviour , she notes , suggesting that girls who are groomed for motherhood from a very early age should be subjected to arguments for alternatives . however , she appears to contradict all of her arguments about climate change and individual carbon footprints at the conclusion of her article , in which the potential impact of falling canadian birthrates is breezily dismissed with an appeal to mass migration . how simply replacing canadian children with migrants would in any way mitigate people s impact on the environment is never explained .
asha awur , a sudanese muslim mother - of - six , says there are too many laws in australia and not enough welfare handouts , which means she will have to start stealing to get enough pocket money to give her kids for entertainment , so they won t join gangs . she says her centrelink payments are not enough to raise her 6 children , which means she occasionally has to deprive them of entertainment , which she believes may have led her son to join a gang for which he was imprisoned . she also says it s hard for her muslim children to fit in at school in this predominantly christian nation .
we appreciate your help click here to donate cateGOries cateGOries select category 9 / 11 censored allen west cair nazis children donald trump enemywithin - america enemywithin - foreign halal slaughter islam and the jews islam in america islam in public schools islam nOt islamic britain islamization of the west islamObama islamomania jihad this just the facts laughing at islam military stories muslim animal abuse muslim hate hoaxes muslim invaders muslims against islam muslims vs muslims never hire a muslim persecution of christians pro - america muslims religion of hate say what uncategorized women
solidarity is built less by rhetoric than by first showing up .
a group of black students at the university of chicago is demanding the institution acknowledge its financial roots in the slave system and make reparations to the black community . kamm howard , co - chair of n cObra , the national coalition of blacks for reparations in america , supports the students demands . howard said u . s . universities laid the moral , intellectual and so - called scientific foundation for the institution of enslavement . they produced tons of pseudo - science that led to the dehumanizing of african people .
supporters of the nation s best known political prisoner filled harlem s raw space to celebrate his life and latest book , have black lives ever mattered the event featured mumia abu jamal s favorite things , his favorite colors , drinks and snacks , said historian robyn spencer , of the campaign to bring mumia home . in an essay for prison radio , abu jamal gave high praise to keeanga - yamahtta taylor for her book , from blacklivesmatter to black liberation . her critique of black politicians shows they differ little from their white predecessors , except for their color , he said .
before the trump administration finally found itself able to claim a significant legislative victory because of the tax reform plan in late 2017 , the president marked his time in office by presiding over the shredding of as much pre - existing regulation as possible , no matter the cost . one of the regulations up for the chopping block was the waters of the united states rule , an obama era move that formally extended the government s authority to curtail pollution to small waterways . the original move proved controversial among industry interests because of the cost of complying with the regulations . in the aftermath of the rule s implementation , interests in the matter brought dozens of lawsuits against the government , and in one of them , the supreme court has just unanimously ruled against the government in other words , against the trump administration . the ruling is not on the merits of the rule itself , but rather on the proper court for hearing challenges to the rule in question . the trump administration has asserted that courts of appeals are the proper venue for such challenges , while industry interests have insisted that district courts are the proper venue . the supreme court has now ruled unanimously in favor of industry interests in this case . national mining association president and cEo hal quinn was thrilled with the outcome , commenting : today s unanimous supreme court decision provides much needed clarity and affirms our longstanding position that the clean water act empowers the federal district courts , not the courts of appeals , to initially review legal challenges to the waters of the u . s . rule this win , coupled with the administration s actions in proposing to repeal the rule and seek input on how to properly define waters of the u . s . , puts us one step closer to addressing this deeply problematic rule and the confusion it has created . the administration s apparent legal incompetence on the matter of the waters of the u . s . rule underscores an important point trump and his allies have proven themselves to be at least as concerned with industry interests as they are with protecting the environment . the fact of them not , apparently , knowing what they re doing in this case correlates with a lack of concern . the most infamous example of this apparent preference on the part of the trump administration is the president s abrupt announcement that he would be pulling the u . s . out of the paris climate accord last year . it is worth noting , however , that it requires more to pull the u . s . out of the accord than a single belligerent announcement from the president . more recently , the trump administration moved to open up offshore drilling around essentially the entire u . s . , from california to florida , a move immediately met with widespread criticism . it remains to be seen how the rule change is implemented , if at all , and there has been talk of florida being made exempt from the administration s plans , although that s not certain . what is certain , however , is the trump administration s plans to prioritize u . s . business interests over other interests that the president is supposed to be looking out for as the leader of the country , indicated in everything from the president s tax policy to his environmental policy . featured image via olivier douliery - pool / getty images
one of my favorite things about the holidays is the delicious foods and drinks . at this time of year , peppermint hot chocolate , tasty bread and other baked goods , and other delectable items are available all over the place . just walk into a dunkin donuts or another fast food restaurant , and you ll be greeted with dozens of options to satisfy your holiday foodie itch . but few companies have a monopoly on christmas as strongly as coca - cola . not only does the brand try to equate their soda with santa claus , but they ve also been leaning into an environmentally conscious polar bear theme . although these corporate polar bears have a much better gig than real polar bears that are constantly losing their habitat to climate change as the polar ice caps melt , coca - cola has pushed their version of these bears onto their customers to great appeal . the coca - cola packaging now has polar bears illustrated on it during the holiday season to help celebrate christmas . but these corporate polar bears are hiding a secret in plain sight . while they first debuted on coca - cola packaging in 2016 , they re back for the holiday season in 2017 . and they ve got a big secret that some fans are starting to notice . take a close look at the images here . if you have a can of coke at home , pick it up and put it under a magnifying glass . can you see what the executives at coca - cola have infused into the image of the polar bears reddit user sunkist268 noticed it and shared the observation online . the polar bears eyes are created out of coca - cola bottle caps . and their snouts sheen is shaped like coca - cola bottles . this is subliminal advertising at its finest . when you see the secret image , you ll be hitting yourself wondering how you never spotted it before . but coca - cola has master the art of subliminal advertising and has infused it into their campaigns for almost two decades . perhaps you remember when american idol first debuted . remember how the judges were sitting in chairs that looked just like coca - cola bottles and they also sipped coca - cola during the show . people remarked on the subliminal imagery on the polar bears . the following were some thoughts : omg , i literally had to zoom in but when i did i experienced the magic of christmas , one replied . polar bears have been a part of coca - cola s ad campaigns since 1993 . these versions are new though . this year , we wanted to keep the same look and personality while creating a more graphic illustration style that would be easy to print around the world , frederic kahn , coca - cola s design director , told todaY food . we also wanted to embed signature coca - cola elements so the coca - cola polar bears could immediately be recognizable as our asset . coca - cola knows how to influence the masses . and kahn admits it was all planned out . when the bears are seen from the side , several have coca - cola dynamic ribbons as mouths , and we have some bears holding and drinking coca - cola from the contour bottle , kahn added . do you friends know this about coke
is there a better summer fruit than watermelon of course not . picking out the perfect watermelon at the store can be challenging though how do you select a perfectly ripe watermelon that s ready for your next picnic or barbeque turns out , it s not nearly as challenging as you would think . of course , everyone has their own technique to test out watermelons when they re picking one at the store . this can include thumping the fruit , pressing on the outside to see if there s a little give , and even sniffing the fruit . if you ve tried all of these techniques and still ended up shrugging and just grabbing a watermelon , hoping for the best when you get it home to cut it up , here s a fail - proof way to pick out a ripe watermelon . look at the fruit s field spot . the field spot is the lighter area of the melon where it rested on the ground when it was growing . it s noticeably lighter because it s been sitting in the field on that side . but how can that predict how ripe the fruit is most agree that choosing a watermelon with a golden creamy - yellow field spot means it s the best fruit . the darker that color , the longer it was ripening on the vine and getting sweet . avoid those that don t have a field spot or that have a white spot , which means it was picked too soon . check out the webbing . while you might try and grab the watermelon that looks the most pristine , without any marks on it , there is actually something to the webbing , or lines , that you ll see on the outside of the fruit . these scars indicate the number of times bees touched the flower while the fruit was growing and , with more pollination , the watermelon is typically sweeter . gender matters . turns out , there are boy watermelons , that are longer and taller , and girl melons , that are shorter and rounder . the girls are sweeter , but the boys are more watery . additionally , heavier watermelons have more water and are juicier . fruit size is a consideration . you may be inclined to pick the biggest watermelon you can heft , or assume that a smaller , more compact melon is sweeter . it s best to choose a watermelon that s neither too large nor too small , because the best ones are just average sized . does it have a tail whether or not the watermelon still has a stem intact can be a good indicator of ripeness . the ones with dried stems usually taste better than those with a green tail , which indicates it was picked too soon . those commenting on the youtube video offered their experience with selecting a ripe watermelon , with one commenter explaining their personal experience : i actually used to work part - time at a farm where we used to pick watermelons when i was in high school . the knocking is not pointless . if you knock the watermelon in the middle and it sounds hollow like an empty wooden box , it is ripe . if it sounds like a solid noise it s unripe . the farmer s family taught us that they had been growing watermelons for 5 generations . another commenter offered a tip that probably many follow :
all religions have rules for their followers to abide by . and while they make total sense to the people in the religion , those looking at it from the outside might not understand . one particular religious rule for muslims that other people don t usually understand is their refusal to eat pork . but according to the first amendment , people are free to practice any religion they choose . but now a muslim family from the new york area who were visiting the decatur , alabama area decided to stop for a bite to eat at a mcdonald s . when they got there , they placed an order for 14 sandwiches . they handed over their money . but when they bit into their sandwiches , they found the mcdonald s employees at that location had hidden bacon in the sandwiches consuming pork product is a sin in islam . now mcdonald s is under fire for their treatment of their muslim customers . the family took photos of their tainted sandwiches and shared them online . before long , the council on american - islamic relations jumped on board and accused mcdonald s of intentionally serving the muslim family bacon as a cruel prank . they started noticing it tasted different to them , said khaula hadeed , head of the alabama chapter of the cair . they eat mcchicken all the time at mcdonald s [ in new york ] . they knew what they ordered they know what s in the sandwich . hadeed sees this as a purposeful attack on the muslim family . it doesn t sound like a mistake , especially on 14 sandwiches , hadeed said . he went on to call the cruel prank an intentional act of religious and ethnic bigotry . because this alabama mcdonald s location violated the family s religion , hadeed is calling for a full - fledge investigation into the employees there . the problem was so sever that one of the adults who accidentally consumed the bacon vomited twice . they re essentially disturbed about it , she said . mcdonald s should investigate this incident , identify and terminate the employees responsible , and take proactive steps to satisfy this american family s concerns , starting with an apology . the bacon was hidden in the sandwich so the muslim family would have no way of seeing it but to accidentally eat it . one of the kids opened one of the sandwiches and it had bacon it like a very small , chunk of bacon in there . they were really surprised and kind of horrified , hadeed told huffpost . they opened all of them and , lo and behold , all of them had a small of chunk of crudely torn bacon piece in them either underneath the patty or on top of it in a way where you wouldn t see it . alabama readers are outraged a mcdonald s location in their state would do this to a family .
when it comes to brands of canned tuna fish , bumble bee ranks up there as one of the most popular . but in march of 2016 , the food company announced a voluntary recall of its popular product chunk light tuna because of a serious health scare . a total of 31 , 579 cases of the canned fish were recalled in march after they were produced in february 2016 and distributed nationally . why were they calling back thousands of cans of tuna bumble bee admitted a packing deviation by a facility not owned or operated by bumble bee that could result in contamination by spoilage or pathogens if consumed this could lead to life - threatening illnesses although no illness from the canned tuna were reported , bumble bee wanted to be on the safe side and voluntarily issue the recall before customers became sick . the bumble bee foods recall affected 3 specific upc codes ( 8660000020 , 8660000021 , 8660000736 ) of canned chunk light tuna . the recall is no longer active , but it s best to be safe and check if any cans of tuna you have in your pantry could be effected . check for the can code which starts with a t ( example : toa2Sbcabf ) and have the following best by dates : 5 oz bumble bee chunk light tuna in water 02 / 10 / 2019 , 02 / 16 / 2019 , 02 / 17 / 2019 , 02 / 18 / 2019 , 02 / 22 / 2019 , 02 / 23 / 2019 , 02 / 25 / 2019 5 oz bumble bee chunk light tuna in oil 02 / 23 / 2019 4 pack of 5 oz bumble bee chunk light tuna in water 02 / 9 / 2019 , 02 / 10 / 2019 , 02 / 22 / 2019 , 02 / 29 / 2019 because bumble bee wants their customers to be safe , they worked closely with the co - packer who developed the problem and the fDa to remove the product from store shelves . if you have already eaten the product , then this is what you should do , according to bumble bee : under - processed affected products could result in product contamination by spoilage organisms or pathogens and lead to serious illness if consumed . there have been no reports to date of any illness associated with these products . if you have any recalled product in your home , you ve been advised to throw it away . bumble bee urges : confirm that the product you have is one of the products listed above by checking the product and the lot code . once you ve confirmed that you do have a recalled product , please discard the product by disposing in the garbage . how do you feel about this massive recall readers on news10 . com share their opinions in the comments : i have a rule i apply to myself , if major companies like bumble bee peter pan do not control their food i never buy their products again . it is their responsibility to keep it clean . they are not potluck . i don t care if it is . 59 cents or 3 . 59 . if i have a can i want my money back . if everyone who bought a can decided not to return it that is a lot of money we are just giving them . i do have a big concern about throwing them away . what if who ever might find the can ( s ) knows nothing of this recall and eats them i read through the comments and didn t see a thought on that scenario so . throw it away i paid for it and i would want a refund . tuna isn t cheap . geez . what about all the water the japanese dumped on their radioactive plant when it was discharging radiation and had a meltdown . a lot of the tuna that we eat passed through those waters . what do you think about this gargantuan tuna recall please read what others are saying in the comments and check out the video below to learn about YEt another recall
president trump s year or so in office has been marked by chaos if it s been marked by anything . most days , trump sets the tone for the day s political conversations with an incendiary tweet , the exact contents of which vary from day to day , but range in how outrageous they are from being incendiary to being outright false . in between these tweets , trump sticks to essentially what defined him as a candidate , making grandiose promises and threats and even holding an occasional campaign rally , having filed to run for re - election in 2020 sooner into his first term than any other modern president . he s added threats like one to annihilate north korea to his campaign - era arsenal of threats like the one to build a wall along the entire border between the u . s . and mexico . there s at least one person on the inside who s been reported to be far from impressed with trump s belligerence , even if ideologically it s not as though he s a moderate retired four - star marine general john kelly . trump tapped kelly , who was at the time serving as secretary of homeland security , to serve as white house chief of staff after the departure of reince priebus from the position . in the months since , the relationship between the two men has evolved into something of apparent mutual tolerance , but even that may be fraying beyond repair according to reporter gabriel sherman . sherman reports that two prominent republicans in frequent contact with the white house told him that trump has discussed choosing kelly s successor in recent days , asking a close friend what he thought about david urban , a veteran washington lobbyist and political operative who helped engineer trump s victory in pennsylvania . the president s daughter and unpaid adviser ivanka trump has been involved in the efforts to find a replacement for kelly , according to sherman . in the words of one of his sources : ivanka is the most worried about it . she s trying to figure who replaces kelly . one important note from one of the sources is that kelly wants to one - up his predecessor in terms of the length of his time on the job , so his departure likely isn t imminent . the fissure between kelly and trump has become obvious yet again in recent days and weeks . last week , axios noted that kelly had reportedly told lawmakers from the congressional hispanic caucus and the congressional asian pacific american caucus that trump had been uninformed when promising to build a wall along the entire border between the u . s . and mexico . early the next day , trump took to twitter to rebut his chief of staff s reported attempt at clarifying his boss remarks , writing : the wall is the wall , it has never changed or evolved from the first day i conceived of it . parts will be , of necessity , see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains , wastelands or tough rivers or water . ridiculously , trump added yet another claim that mexico will pay for the wall , although that remains a pipe dream at best . kelly also infuriated his boss with his claim that he had evolved in his views since becoming president , as yet another point indicating that kelly will perhaps have a short future in d . c . were kelly to leave , it would top off a first year in which the trump administration set a record for senior staff turnover . featured image via kevin dietsch / pool via bloomberg
at an illegal alien women s migrant center somewhere in italy , several african migrants are brawling with each other , probably over food . a group of women descended on another after a heated quarrel at a migrants camp in italy . the cause of the fight could not be ascertained as at the time of filing this report . the victim was left seriously wounded and bloodied after receiving merciless beating from her fellow migrants in the camp .
enter your email address i have an account using the email above . my password is : i don ' t have an account would like to sign up . forgot your password
* * the author has been participating with qc family tree in tracing the steps of the freedom riders of the civil rights movement . learn more about the trip here and here . remembering that it happened once , we cannot turn away the thought ,
enderly park is blistering under an unseasonable september heat , and frank byers saunters across tuckaseegee road to the rec center where he likes to play cards with his neighbors . he doesn t use the crosswalk , but in many ways he s earned
early monday , the senate finally came to an agreement on funding for the government for the next few weeks , allowing it to re - open while they continue to hash out various details of the controversy that ever prompted it to shut down in the first place . democrats want protections for the hundreds of thousands of young undocumented immigrants who were brought here as children and have in the past been protected by the deferred action for childhood arrivals program , while republicans , as led by the president , continue to cast democrats support for such protections as blind support for supposedly dangerous illegal immigration . throughout the whole ordeal of the first and possibly not the last government shutdown of the trump administration , the white house has maintained that the democrats were both fully responsible for the situation and had essentially no legitimacy to their position . the administration issued a ridiculous statement at one point calling democrats obstructionist losers . white house press secretary sarah huckabee sanders continued on with this rhetoric at the monday white house press briefing , mocking democrats for sticking to their positions to the point of letting the government shut down instead of blindly going along with republicans . a reporter asked her : in addition to saying that negotiating with [ trump ] is like negotiating with jell - o , today [ senate majority leader chuck schumer ] said that the great dealmaker sat on the sidelines . was it a concerted effort on the president s part to not reach out to him this weekend sanders responded by saying that what the president did clearly worked , seeing as the federal government is set to re - open on tuesday . as she put it : i m not sure what changed for [ schumer ] and what he gained , other than maybe nancy pelosi taking a bunch of republican members out for dinner to celebrate their shutdown . i m not sure what other positive things came out of this weekend for democrats . sanders meant that pelosi took out the democrats out for dinner . besides her mistake something borne out of the mindlessness with which she was mocking democrats she s wrong about democrats not getting anything out of the weekend of turmoil . republican leadership promised to take up the issue of the daca program within three weeks , and at the same time , funding was finally renewed for the children s health insurance program , or chip , which republicans had allowed to languish without funding for some time . even in the face of those concessions from republican leadership , some democratic u . s . senators voted against re - opening the government without establishing continued protections for those provided for under daca now . those senators to do so include kamala harris , bernie sanders , elizabeth warren , and others . the president , for his part , has not yet commented on the senate coming to an agreement to reopen the government , although he did rant about the shutdown early monday on twitter . he varied between the line that it s all the democrats fault and the line that it s all the democrats base s fault . check out video of the monday white house press conference below . featured image via screenshot from the video
as the federal government in washington , d . c . , grappled with the senate stalling in its efforts to fund the government to the point of it shutting down over the weekend , vice president mike pence went overseas , kicking off his time there with a disturbingly politicized address to u . s . troops stationed near the syrian border . following his address to the troops , pence went to israel , where he spoke to the israeli parliament , where he told those assembled that the president would ensure the u . s . embassy in israel moved to jerusalem by the end of next year . pence s comments come after the president made the incendiary , controversial move to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel , even though the status of jerusalem is one of the items at the center of the israeli - palestinian conflict . effectively taking jerusalem off the negotiating table serves as yet another obstacle in the way forward for the middle east . after speaking to the knesset , pence spoke to the associated press , defending his boss president trump both from allegations of racism and of an extramarital affair with adult film star stephanie clifford , known as stormy daniels . the allegations of racism against the president arose after , following a recent meeting between the president and lawmakers about immigration policy , trump was reported to have referred to countries including haiti , el salvador , and some african nations as shithole countries . trump eventually offered a relatively halfhearted denial of the allegations , although national leaders and meeting participants backed up press reports about what the president had said . addressing the president s alleged comments while speaking to the ap , pence claimed that it s clear that trump s heart is in the right place because of his vocal commitment to a merit - based immigration system over the presently in place , more family and national origin based immigration system . pence said that he knows the president s heart and knows that what president trump wants to do is reform immigration to make our system one that puts the interests of america first . trump has touted his commitment to the idea of a merit - based immigration system numerous times , including in the aftermath of the meeting wherein he was reported to have made the shithole countries remark . the idea of a merit - based system sounds nice to trump and pence , no doubt , and claiming to not see race gives them an easy out when accused of being a racist , but it s not that simple . who is going to be the judge of what merits an immigrant has what if their merits can only be fully realized once they have access to the opportunities available in the united states considering these questions in light of the president s commitment to such policy proposals as the u . s . / mexico border wall and the muslim ban makes his intentions clear he simply wants people who will conform to his vision of the united states . as mentioned , pence also addressed the allegations of trump having had an affair with adult film star stormy daniels , who is alleged to have been delivered a large sum of hush money by the trump team . speaking of these allegations , pence said : i m just not going to comment on the latest baseless allegations against the president . my focus is on serving the president , advancing the priorities of the administration , advancing american interests and that s where it will stay . featured image via sara d . davis / getty images
the russia investigation is continuing to proceed in this new year whether the trump team likes it or not , but just because the president and his team members can t put a stop to the investigation as a whole doesn t mean they re not going to attempt to undercut it . to that end , last may , the president abruptly fired fbi director james comey , who was leading the federal government s component of the russia investigation at the time . in the aftermath of that firing , special counsel robert mueller was appointed by deputy attorney general rod rosenstein to investigate the russia scandal . since then , mueller has brought charges against four former associates of the president , including most recently , former national security adviser michael flynn . understandably , then , the trump team remains interested in softening the bite of the nation s justice system . trump has put this tendency on display numerous times through attacks on the nation s justice system , including his already mentioned firing of james comey . now , axios is reporting that behind the scenes , trump s attorney general jeff sessions has joined in on the effort by trying to convince the man with whom the white house replaced comey christopher wray to fire top level justice department officials including andrew mccabe and james baker . sessions has been casting his pushes as encouraging wray to make a fresh start . according to one of the sources speaking to axios described as a senior administration source sessions has been pushing the fbi director to make the transition since shortly after wray was confirmed , with the conversations having intensified from there . mccabe has actually already attracted scrutiny from the administration in the past , having been the subject of fake news - laden twitter attacks from the president last summer while serving as acting director of the fbi after comey s firing and before wray s confirmation . as axios notes , it s ironic that trump set his sights on mccabe after it was his administration that appointed him to serve as acting director of the fbi . back in late july , trump wrote on twitter : why didn t a . g . sessions replace acting fbi director andrew mccabe , a comey friend who was in charge of clinton investigation but got big dollars ( 700 , 000 ) for his wife s political run from hillary clinton and her representatives . drain the swamp as mentioned , trump s attacks on mccabe , which stretched over a period of days , were riddled with lies . mccabe didn t actually receive any of the clinton associated cash cash , that mind you , didn t come from the clinton camp , but rather from a clinton ally . in addition , mccabe wasn t actually the one in charge of the clinton email investigation ; if someone was in charge , it was then - fbi director james comey . still , trump has long made his opinions about the clinton email investigation clear . he wishes that clinton would have been charged with a crime , even though the orderly legal system already determined that she was innocent . he was speaking against mccabe out of that place of total disrespect for law and order , which makes his haphazard treatment of the truth unsurprising . following his initial attacks on the official , mccabe was reported to be considering retiring after he became eligible for a pension , and the president hit him over that too . as for jeff sessions , he was actually revealed to have secretly met with the then - russian ambassador to the u . s . during the trump campaign and thus , as a possible subject of the investigation , had to recuse himself from the russia probe . sessions reportedly having pushed wray to fire top staff members doesn t necessarily mean that he s violating the terms of his recusal , but it s still suspicious meddling in the affairs of the fbi , which trump and his allies seem convinced is out to get him . featured image via chip somodevilla / getty images
while the face and name of lydie denier is known to many as a first - rate actress and stunning model , denier is practically being ignored by the u . s . news media because she was at one time the fianc e of ambassador chris stevens . yes , that chris stevens : hillary clinton ' s " friend " who was left to die in 2012 at a diplomatic mission in one of the world ' s most dangerous cities , benghazi , libya .
for ages and ages , people have been burning sacred herbs and using the smoke as a form of purification for their rituals and ceremonies . and while they obviously sensed something about this practice on a spiritual level , science is finally starting to catch up . if you aren t aware of what smudging is , it is a practice in which native american s and other spiritual traditions would bind herbs ( like sage ) together with string and then set them to fire enough to produce smoke . the smoke would then be used to cleanse areas of evil or negative energies and to cleanse people pre - ritual as well . in a recent paper entitled medicinal smokes , information was reviewed from over 5 continents and 50 countries . what scientists discovered was that not only does smudging aid lung , brain and skin function , it also does indeed purify the air around us . a follow - up study was conducted not long after that was published in the journal of ethnopharmacology . according to it , smudging sacred herbs also doubles as a powerful antiseptic . we have observed that 1 hour treatment of medicinal smoke emanated by burning wood and a mixture of odoriferous and medicinal herbs ( havan s magri = material used in oblation to fire all over india ) , on aerial bacterial population caused over 94 reduction of bacterial counts by 60 min and the ability of the smoke to purify or disinfect the air and to make the environment cleaner was maintained up to 24 hour in the closed room . absence of pathogenic bacteria corynebacterium urealyticum , curtobacterium flaccumfaciens , enterobacter aerogenes ( klebsiella mobilis ) , kocuria rosea , pseudomonas syringae pv . persicae , staphylococcus lentus , and xanthomonas campestris pv . tardicrescens in the open room even after 30 days is indicative of the bactericidal potential of the medicinal smoke treatment . we have demonstrated that using medicinal smoke it is possible to completely eliminate diverse plant and human pathogenic bacteria of the air within confined space . basically , burning sacred or medicinal herbs cleared the air of bacterial populations by as much as 94 . even 24 hours later , the area was still disinfected . scientifically , the air quality in modern times contains up to 1800 bacterial types , many of which are pathogenic . while we still may not have all the evidence backing smudging s spiritual aspects , it has been shown that smudging is quite effective at combating bacteria . with strains of bacteria growing to be anti - bacterial resistant on a moment to moment basis , it s obvious we can use all the help we can get . with that being said , excuse me while i go grab my smudge stick featured image via deep soul
with a number of people now identifying as spiritual rather than religious , researchers have begun investigating to better understand how spirituality plays a role in the modern life . and while we all may understand that spirituality somehow just makes us better , science is beginning to prove it . according to the national alliance on mental illness , 1 in 5 adults in the u . s . - 43 . 8 million or 18 . 5 experiences mental illness in a given year . due to these astoundingly high numbers , experts have begun to seek answers to this crisis in all walks of life . and with spirituality playing such a major role in many people s lives , researchers began to wonder whether or not spirituality could aid in the treatment of mental illness . in order to put this into perspective , it is important to understand what exactly spirituality is . while there is no one definition , there are a number of ways to better understand what spirituality truly means . for starters , spirituality is an individual experience that any person can take part in . it helps to bring meaning and purpose to the lives of those experiencing it . furthermore , spirituality can bring hope and healing to those who are suffering . and it can encourage us to seek out a loving relationship with ourselves . spirituality is also different from religion . while religious traditions include spirituality , spirituality is separate from religion . in fact , in order to be spiritual , religion isn t even necessary . what s more , is that scientists are beginning to understand that spirituality could be paramount in helping the mentally ill to combat their illness . according to the indian journal of psychiatry , there are many links between spirituality and recovery from their illness . in one study , it was discovered that spirituality helped children from smoking , drinking and drug abuse , by combatting the impact of life stresses . in another study , researchers monitored three groups of people , one with psychotic illness , another group of formal caregivers , and the third group of informal caregivers . while those that were ill held their existential needs as most important , the groups of caregivers considered their material needs to be most important . with that being said , another study found that the majority of parents with a child sick with mental illness felt that spirituality was important in the treatment of their children and wanted spirituality to be included in their treatment . so how exactly does spirituality help those who are suffering while researchers aren t entirely sure , they believe it has to do with the connectedness to something bigger than yourself which can make coping with mental illness much easier . in a way , it helps them to make sense of what they are experiencing . with spirituality holding such an important role for the mentally ill , where can we begin to incorporate it into our treatments while you don t have to run to your nearest spiritual guru to benefit from spirituality , there are a number of ways you may benefit from it . nami suggests seeking times of relaxation or even meditation in which you focus on places , people , and experiences that give you feelings of peace , awe or greater meaning . for some , finding peace in nature can greatly benefit them , and for others , something as simple as listening to a meaningful song can help . if you are already a spiritual person , just incorporate your favorite practices into your treatment plan . personally , i enjoy using crystals and incense to aid in coping with my illness . what are some ideas you may have
alabama declares flu outbreak emergency as vaccine failure becomes obvious to everyone of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next alabama declares flu outbreak emergency as vaccine failure becomes obvious to everyone tuesday , january 16 , 2018 by : isabelle z . tags : alabama , badhealth , badmedicine , flu outbreak , flu shots , flu vaccine , heavy metals , influenza , junk science , mercury , prevent flu , vaccine failure 0 VieWs ( natural news ) a state public health emergency has been issued in alabama by governor kay ivey as a flu outbreak grips the state . schools are closing and hospitals are filling up as the flu vaccine proves to be a spectacular failure yet again this year . hospital emergency rooms and outpatient clinics are reporting a very high volume of patients . children s of alabama has issued a diversion protocol as they ve run out of beds , instead requesting that patients are diverted to a different pediatric hospital . in addition , they ve announced that they may transfer some of their patients to other hospitals to provide everyone with the best care possible . Uab hospital , meanwhile , is rescheduling elective , non - emergency surgeries because it is over capacity with flu patients . < URL >
fbi investigation of clinton foundation expands to australia ( i rang the office months ago about this and they hung up on me lol , w * ker ) of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next fbi investigation of clinton foundation expands to australia january 17 , 2018 editor 97 comments retired australian police detective has accumulated evidence of millions of dollars mishandled < URL > 290 . jpg 689 w , < URL > 560 w , < URL > 698 w sizes = ( max - width : 448 px ) 100 vw , 448 px / > photo by redct ( cc ) ( mark tapscott , lifezette ) an australian investigative journalist who is a retired police detective said tuesday he has been asked to provide the fbi with details about multiple allegations of mishandling millions of dollars contributed to the clinton foundation by the aussie government . i have been asked to provide the fbi with further and better particulars about allegations regarding improper donations to the cf funded by australian taxpayers , michael smith told lifezette . at the center of smith s complaints are former president bill clinton , former secretary of state and 2016 democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton , and multiple australian government officials , including senior diplomat alexander downer , that government s high commissioner to the united kingdom . downer hit u . s . headlines recently when he was reported to have told the fbi of a may 2016 conversation he had with george papadopoulos , then a campaign aide to president donald trump . downer told u . s . law enforcement officials that papadopoulos told him russia had dirt on hillary clinton . * * more clinton foundation coverage at liberty headlines * * the new york times claimed in its dec . 30 , 2017 , story that the information downer gave the fbi was a major factor in the bureau s decision to investigate allegations of collusion between russian interests and the trump campaign . papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to the fbi last year . the materials smith is giving the fbi focus on a 2006 memorandum of understanding between the australian government and the clinton foundation s clinton hiv / aids initiative ( chai ) . smith claims the foundation received a 25 m financial advantage dishonestly obtained by deception as a result of actions by bill clinton and downer , who was then australia s minister of foreign affairs . also included in the smith materials are evidence he believes shows corrupt october 2006 backdating of false tender advertisements purporting to advertise the availability of a 15 million contract to provide hiv / aids services in papua new guinea on behalf of the australian government after an agreement was already in place to pay the clinton foundation and / or associates . < URL > views : 2
an oops sends hawaii into nuclear panic headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next an oops sends hawaii into nuclear panic by mike king . all the news that sulzberger s propaganda rag saw fit to distort a daily web page summary of the dirty lies , glaring omissions , half truths globalist bias of the ny times front page headlines ___________________________________________________________________ free sample 1 fed reserVe note ___________________________________________________________________ we read and rebut their vile crap so you won t have to * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * free sample day subscribe to the daily anti - new york times and stay on top of world events ny times : hawaii panics after alert about incoming missile is sent in error by adam nagourney , daVid e . sanger and johanna barr rebuttal by the people of marxist - globalist hawaii were terrorized this past weekend when an early - morning emergency alert mistakenly warned of an incoming missile attack . the cellphone and tV alerts , sent by the hawaii emergency management agency ( hema ) , set off widespread panic in a state that was already on edge because of the imaginary threat of north korea . according to the official story put out by hema , as quoted in this article : someone clicked the wrong thing on the computer . oops . hey , we all make mistakes no biggie ( rolling eyes ) . < URL > < URL > < URL > a simple oops caused 38 minutes of terror seriously the oops story simply does not add up . alert systems such as this are multi - step procedures not a simple push button thing . and if the alert was truly the result of pushing the wrong button , then why was it not immediately rescinded why did it remain in place for 38 long and terror - filled minutes after it was issued could it be that the alert was real could it be that an actual submarine attack intended to put the blame on north korea and trigger the war that trump is actually trying to avoid was thwarted by the white hats on saturday sound crazy to you well , it s a heckuva lot more plausible - sounding that the idea of an oops alert a colossal screw - up unprecedented in american history . now , who would dare to attempt such a horrible false - flag who , other than the world s main superpowers , even possesses such submarine missile - launch capacity this is only a hypothesis , but certainly a much more reasonable one than oops . in fact , we have been warning about such a scenario for a few years now . flashback time : from the anti - new york time issue of april , 2017 ( here ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * as it is in syria , so too it is in the korean peninsula . we are just one israeli false - flag attack from being stampeded into another remember the maine moment . such a stunt would actually be easier to pull - off under korean waters than on syria s land . you see , israel s state - of - the - art submarines , sold to them at a deep - discount by the pathetic germans , have the capacity to prowl all of the world s waters and even launch missiles . who would dare to accuse our ally of taking out an american vessel in korean waters or of hitting hawaii no , sir . that would be anti - semitic , don t you know we are not predicting this nightmare submarine scenario . suffice it to say that the arrival of american warships in korea and china s front yard will be an event fraught with danger on many levels . < URL > < URL > < URL > the public has already been conditioned to fear north korean submarine and missile attacks . who would ever suspect israel * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * end of flashback one year before that article , in 2016 , in a tomatobubble piece titled , japan and israel plot against china and north korea ( here ) we warned : < URL > < URL > < URL > once the game pieces have been set , a single false - flag torpedo blast from one of israel s state - of - the - art german - made , nuclear - armed submarines could serve as the match which ignites the pacific and draws judaized - america into something horrific . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * end of flashback we will not declare nailed it this time because a : this stuff is far too deadly serious to even give the appearance of gloating about , and b : we cannot declare israeli treachery with 100 certainty . it s quite possible that the globalist faction of the cia has its own submarines and missiles . another possibility is that a false alarm with no submarines involved . was triggered at hema in the hopes of inducing a u . s . first strike ( leading to a north korean retaliation ) . all that we will say is that we ain t buyin this oops explanation . no way . and what makes this strange event all the more suspicious is that it came just weeks after numerous fake news warnings of a missile threat to hawaii . here are just a few examples : newsweek ( december 17 , 2017 ) : hawaii taking major steps to prepare for potential strike from kim ( here ) washington post ( decemeber 1 , 2017 ) : hawaii tests nuclear alarms as north korea threat escalates ( here ) los angeles times ( november 10 , 2017 ) as north korean threat grows , hawaii prepares for nuclear attack ( here ) that s known as predictive programming , < URL >
the william tyrell incident , what happened to spiderman of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next the william tyrell incident posted by bananaman on january 20 , 2018 at 12 : 30 am view blog the kidnapping occurred on a friday around 10 . 30 am . it was broad daylight and whoever abducted him risked being seen from the balcony of william s grandmother s home as well as neighbouring properties . < URL > < URL > alt = " / > william was a foster child at the time of his disappearance . source : aap the details of william s time in foster care were only revealed late last year after the nsw supreme court overruled facs and ordered william s family history could be published . his foster parents have asked not to be named to protect the identity of william s siblings . ms collins labelled them strict . karlie and brendan could see william for one hour every seven or eight weeks at the macquarie centre , she said . the last time they saw him , william yelled daddy , daddy , daddy and jumped out of the pram like a kangaroo . ms collins is asking authorities to provide brendan with the help he needs to return to his normal self . < URL > schapelle corby has used her the media circus surrounding her departure from bali to draw attention to missing australian boy william tyrrell . corby was flanked by security , police and media as she left her kuta home , where 7 news images showed her holding a handbag with an image of william tyrrell on it . it has been two years since the three - year - old wearing his spider - man outfit disappeared from his grandmother s house at kendall in new south wales on september 12 , 2014 . police believe he was abducted and earlier this year they offered a 1 million reward for any information that leads to his recovery . police believe william was abducted and earlier this year they offered a 1 million reward for any information that leads to his recovery . photo : aap william s family have made a heartbreaking < URL > www . dailymail . co . uk / news / article - 3127496 / william - tyrrell - related revealed : accused paedophile questioned over the disappearance of toddler william tyrrell was related to child rapist and murderer bill spedding appeared in www . heraldsun . com . au / news / law - order / william - harris - spedding william harris spedding was due to face court in ballarat today to face charges including the rape of a young victorian girl more than 30 years ago . www . theaustralian . com . au / opinion / columnists / gerard - henderson / media clive palmer s tonY abbott fantasY . it was a bye , bye , both men graduated from st patrick s college ballarat before joining the priesthood . < URL > i m sure i ve seen a link between ballarat priests , pell , and risdale , with spedding i ll keep digging . full story : father ridsdale s life of crime and the church s cover - up background article , by a broken rites researcher this broken rites article is the most comprehensive account available about how the catholic church shuffled a paedophile priest , father gerald ridsdale , from parish to parish for three decades while he committed sexual crimes against children . broken rites has been researching ridsdale since may 1993 , when he famously walked to court for his first sentencing , accompanied by his support person , bishop george pell . broken rites began supporting ridsdale s victims , resulting in four more court cases for ridsdale between 1994 and 2017 ( without the presence of george pell ) . the famous 1993 photo on every page of the broken rites website ( in the right - hand column ) , there is a photo of father ridsdale ( with his features obscured by dark glasses and a cap ) walking to the melbourne magistrates court on 27 may 1993 with his support person , bishop george pell ( wearing clerical garb ) . this was the day when ridsdale received his first conviction for child - sex crimes . [ in 1993 , pell was an auxiliary bishop for melbourne , and three years later he became the archbishop . ] by 27 may 1993 , unknown to ridsdale and pell , one of ridsdale s victims had alerted the media that ridsdale was due to appear in court that day for sentencing . therefore , when pell and ridsdale approached the court building , a channel nine camera man obtained video footage of their arrival . that evening , channel nine s news bulletin showed this footage of father ridsdale and bishop pell arriving at the court . this bulletin was viewed throughout the state of victoria , including by many church - abuse victims . viewers noticed that a bishop was accompanying the criminal priest , rather than accompanying the victims . < URL > bill spedding faces historical sex offences the top suspect in the case of missing toddler william tyrell , nsw man bill spedding , is facing historical child sex offence charges in a victorian court . vision : seven news the 65 - year - old is facing five indecent assault and two sexual intercourse with a child under 10 charges . it is understood the alleged offences date back to the 1980 s and relate to a girl mr spedding knew . william harrie spedding , 65 , has been charged with sex offences in victoria . photo : nick moir spedding , a white goods repairman from the nsw mid north coast , was thrust into the spotlight last year after emerging as a person of interest in the high - profile william tyrrell investigation . three - year - old william disappeared while playing in his grandmother s backyard in the small town of kendall , near port macquarie , on september 12 , 2014 . prime minister tony abbott gave a personal reference in court for the former priest father john nester in a child sex abuse case in 1997 . father nester was later struck off as a clergy by the vatican . add this to tony abbott s and the liberal party s extremely close relationship with cardinal george pell who has admitted the church covered up sexual abuse < URL > so to sum up . nester , risdale , pell and abbott ( ex pm and nwo stooge ) all were in ballarat around the same time in the 80 s . nester and abbott knew each other well and abbott gave him a reference at a sexual abuse hearing in 97 . presumably he knew risdale and pell also . pell , now the popes treasurer was also in the picture around ballarat , and he has also been charged with sex offences dating back to this time . for him they are labeled historical sex offences , for risdale and nester its just notorious paedophile . cardinal pell is facing multiple charges in respect of historic sexual offences and there are multiple complainants relating to those charges . < URL > i can t find much on the charges themselves like when or where they occured but it appears that plenty of that sort of thing was going down in ballarat and anywhere these priests worked , except tony abbot who just knew them . spedding was also in the area of ballarat in the 80 s and appears to be a person of interest in the disappearance of william tyrell . is it possible he knew the other convicted paedophiles nester and spedding , as well as accused paedophile pell now we find out there is a shit load about this case that took years to come out that would change the focus of the investigation possibly . this child was in state care but no one was told at the time and the parents were paraded around mortified , but , it seems they hardly knew him , and no one told anyone , why the biological parents are not suspects . pretty strange . . ok , so the only link between spedding , risdale and nester is they they were in the area where this happened around the same time doing similar reolting things but small world pell ( vatican no2 or some shit ) assisted nester then dismissed the victims for years . abbott ( ex pm ) wrote reference for risdale when he went to court for paedophilia . if theres nothing in it why did they cover so many things up about the abduction itself how did he go missing without anyone seeing anything . its possible but doesn t the fact that the parents he was with were in fact foster parents and as such likely to go up the suspect list . no one suspects the biological parents in a case like this with the exception of maddie mcann . less questions about the unlikely circumstances of the actual disappearance itself why were the children taken from there biological parents and felt they had to hide from welfare for months only for the department to lose the child under these horrific circumstances . the answer is sealed , but they say the real parents didn t abuse him in any way so what was going on following the revelations of paedophilia at the highest political levels including prime ministers and presidents , george bush etc . small world , come to your own conclusions . views : 16 favorite < URL >
walls : a history headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next walls : a history the hopi creation story of this world begins as the last world was ending in some nonspecific calamity . a few people were taken underground , saved by ant people . the ant people took our ancestors underground and taught us how to survive , how to grow food and hide from disaster . eventually people returned aboveground to and were told to walk the four directions and reunite . at first the creation story such seems like many indigenous tales , but comparatively and allegorically speaking the hopi creation story approaches perfection in its eloquence . ants are the only animal in the world that humanity can be accurately compared with so much so that perhaps mankind was influenced by ants more than any other being . humans and ants are farmers , warriors , harvesters , thieves and enslavers alike . no other animal behaves like man , except ants , no other being is as warmongering . individually we each might be more like a dog or cat , or perhaps we might like to see ourselves as similar in character to a bird , but as a collective mankind is like antkind . human history in total , from whatever nationalistic , religious or otherwise jingoistic perspective one endures can be read like a proud argentine ant s recital of the invasion of new orleans , and california . the argentine ant spent millions of generations building up not only defensive structure , but amassing invasion forces to take over as much of south america as antly possible . any other ant colony they encounter , they destroy . they vanquish all other antkind and if ants believe anything at all , they must believe they are the chosen ant . ants are extremely intelligent if intelligence is measured in utilizing surroundings as tools . the argentine ant grew accustomed to hopping on floating leaves or debris in the argentine flood plains and hitching rides downstream to effectively expand their territory . they were such mighty warriors with such rich resources that no other ant could challenge them . when steamships began embarking from argentinian shores they carried with them invasion force after invasion force of the chosen argentine ants . wherever the ship was steered the ants embarked and began total and complete annihilation of all other ants and competitive life . the chosen ants have now formed a global collective . the megacolony of god s chosen ant superpower has conquered california , japan , and most of the mediterranean and they are right now , on the march . interestingly enough , the argentine ants recognize and accept each other no matter what continental colony they are from , and destroy all other ants they encounter . societies with population explosions , that extend into the millions , are prone to large - scale , intense , tactical warfare . it s a nature of battle only possible among communities with plenty of excess labor force . mark moffet ants and humans have virtually no societal limit to their growth . the environment limits their growth , not their instincts or biological needs . few other species on the planet operate in this manner . the colony might be hundreds , or millions or billions . no other species have societies of this proportion , and no other animal behaves the way ants and people might . no other species kills and enslaves each other and no other species practices complete confrontation in war like humans and ants . the argentine ant megacolony has traversed the globe staking claim to significant areas on six continents . it is akin to human colonialism only the insect expansion and elimination is even more one - sided . no other ant it seems can stand up to the argentine ants . on the borders of the new intercontinental megacolonies are ant wars of total annihilation where all fall due to the argentine ant s fierceness . human history of the collective is exactly like the history of a more prideful ant colony , only mammalian with opposable thumbs . people are the aboveground version of ants with internal skeletons instead of external ones , with hands and vocal chords instead of antennae and mandible crushers . and instead of being capable of lifting great weight like ants , people are capable of inventing great machines . within the colony the queen lives for decade and workers live for years . the expendable males live for a matter of weeks . nests might have a history of multiple queens , but the colony at large has a rich history of millions of years and the collective acts with the impetus of such an age old regime . they are biologically reinforced matriarchies with a history that makes the rise of humanity just another pulse of different beings to eat off , with different kinds of leaves to ride . ants farm , they harvest from their surroundings , they enslave and steal from other ants , and they war on each other . perhaps the most amazing similarity between man and ant is the fact that we build infrastructure for future use . mankind and antkind build based largely on concerns for protection from each other , out of concern for war and others stealing from us . ants build anthills and then build massive tunnels based on defense of the queen if enemy ants were to invade . mankind builds in the same manner , as a means of protection . oh great spirit who made all races , look kindly upon the whole human family and take away the arrogance and hatred which separate us from our brothers . cherokee prayer mankind and antkind function , as collectives , the same , only antkind came first . one can almost imagine a curious individual coming up with all sorts of ideas watching antkind build , enslave and behave . perhaps the original pyramids and pyramid builders saw their structures as having antkind qualities , built in symbolic homage to the antkind structure and mindset , or perhaps they were unaware that their great buildings mimicked antkind s mounds . typically instead of underground tunnel defenses man largely built perimeter defenses , though now we have built up walls of every sort . now we have built weapons so destructive we could end all of antkind , mankind and all life on the planet . our weapons remove the ability to protect ourselves with walls or otherwise . because of man s inventiveness walls are now largely technological as is our ability to confront each other . both antkind and mankind build war culture and war structure . it is a celebrated shared tradition . and in many ways what ill - informed people mistake to be art or culture is actually just symptomatic of the war machine s institutionalized control . it is simple to compare ants to humans and actually find reasons for building walls . it is easy to regress and behave like ants , in a collective state . and yet we are individuals , we are humans , not ants . antkind and mankind collective prepare for war instead of for peace . and when the opportunity presents itself , because all preparations have been made , because the opposition is seemingly prepared or is not and therefore ought to be confronted , war takes place . war takes place because it has been readied . at the borders of ant populations wars are taking place right now where millions are being killed every month . the ants kill each other because of their differences , despite the fact they are all ants . humans when placed in bordered blocks suffer the same end , war based on differences despite our sameness . it is arguable that the predominant measure of distinction between people is differences in perception . it is easy to say that we are as beasts and therefore bound to behave as ants and yet we are much more . the most diverse human borders have always been places of the most hair - raising and antennae flickering wars , like the areas in france and elsewhere major fighting in wwi and wwii took place . a more intense example of the ant like nature of humanized borders is demonstrated throughout the middle east . multiple doctrines , including the one true religion , coincide with national differences , heritage distinctions and cultural fluctuations to form borders of all sorts . and war of all sorts . it is easy to say war is inevitable for antkind and mankind both . it is easy to be unconscious and gnash with the collective , but humanity is capable of much more . in fact , our weapons of war demand that we be much more . humans differentiate each other for a variety of entirely absurd or historically valid reasons , but the result is the same - states with proud histories or colonies with biological impulses and the outsiders they clash with along the borders . humans are not so complicated for a human to understand , and we are all spurred by the same godly forces that created ants . so perhaps it is not so difficult to understand which ant is best . it is whichever ant is able to develop and evolve , which so far , for the last 150 million years at least , they have not done much by the way of . it is perhaps an impulse from beyond the beyond to not only be tribal and build walls , but to war on each other . it must be an impulse for ants do not have minds as man does . no matter if one is a tiny robotic entity of an underground ant mound or an aware human , the pulse within to kill beings like you , but not like you enough , is biological impulse . man is more complex than the old ant because of our complex inventions certainly , most made toward and during war . however man is complex mainly due to our consciousness . instead of antennae we have phones . instead of claws and teeth we have knives , guns , and nuclear bombs . we war on each other the same , we enslave each other the same , humans may have very well thought of agriculture in the first place by watching ants and building pyramids in the middle of our cities by watching ant colonies . perhaps the hopi were more correct than we could ever know . perhaps long ago man was adopted by ants , or at least adopted the ant ways . ants were the world s first farmers . they effectively raise livestock too and harvest from their surroundings and such behavior began about 50 million years ago , or more . today many ants still farm or tend to fungus grown in their lairs for the colony to eat , harvesting plant material for the fungus to consume in turn . some ants raise aphids for the colony cafeteria . one can almost envision a curious primal human ancestor watching ants do what they do and gaining numerous ideas , good , bad and ugly ideas . ants are the only other living thing to enslave others , the bigger ants takeover the smaller ants naturally . or like the argentine ants instead of enslaving they annihilate . humanity s enslavement of weaker people is comparable to bigger ants meeting smaller ants . violence and war however perverse is rooted in biological aspects proven by antkind and yet mankind discusses war as tradition , or societal formation , or economics , or politics . people present reasoning for killing each other en masse , but it s a biological response we are able to surpass . or rather we can surpass when we think as individuals , not institutionalized society collectives . if war politics were noted to be base thinking of lower life like that of anthood , people would simply attempt to surpass the biological response with alternative higher thinking . and unlike antkind , mankind can open our hearts and minds to elevate our thinking and being . ants are the only animal that can accurately be compared to man , mainly because no other animals are as culturally developed with such refined caste systems and no other species kill each other on a massive organized scale . no other species wars . mankind is more efficient at construction and destruction , we live a little longer , our colonies are more noticeable and impactful , we voyage to harvest and conquer and practices the same behavior as antkind comparable to them in our simplicity . the comparable harvesting , farming , raising of livestock , enslavement of other ants and war organization of antkind and mankind make us remarkably similar . perhaps of all our shared traits the most detrimental similarity is the fact that antkind and mankind both build walls . perhaps the fact that we build walls is actually the most markedly similar characteristic between us , initiating all other similarities . perhaps the fact that we build walls and forts and prepare for war leads to the tendency to war and plunder those outside the walls in the first place . perhaps the wall builders alone spurred the necessity to find tools as more efficient means of warring or plundering resources or building better forts . ants and humans build complex dwellings in part as a way to defend the collective , which appears righteous , but it is primarily the result of the induced and near permanent collective state of war . it may be that physical and societal walls cause the war state rather than wars necessitating a walled state . humans have been practicing cultural traditions reminiscent of quality ant relationships for thousands of years . the reason humans are so good at building is because we are always at war . humanity has been building walls literally and figuratively since the time of han , nehemiah and long before . the western wall or wailing wall is an ancient wall of high symbolic significance and attachment people have been killing each other at the base of this wall and all walls for thousands of years . the wailing wall is sacred . the great wall of china is another physical line in the sand where people killed each other . the great wall is so great that it can be seen from space and everybody wants you to know that so that you think that walls are great , after all they can be seen from space . teachers teach that walls are great . walls are perimeters , borders , where war is readied and armament is installed and where the bordermind kicks in like that of all great ants . it is significant to note that china did not build the wall initially to keep people out as much as to keep people inside . the most valuable resource of a nation is people , and when there is no wall people tend to leave , which was occurring too much to enable proper taxation / control . walls also make people want to get through them in case there is something worthy behind the wall . walls create confrontation . it is easy to observe ants . we can observe their comings and goings and learn what they do over many lifetimes . imagine observation of people as we would an ant hill or ant farm . imagine we could watch the wailing wall or the great wall of china for a century or two . imagine if we could watch what happened at the berlin wall during its comparatively brief existence . we would see the bordermind of antkind in mankind too . we could see the erection of the walls cause confrontation . walls are an example of false pride . false pride results in the bordermind . an example of false pride is being proud of how you were born ; what country you re from , the quantity of melanin you were born with or without , and the things your ancestors did . real pride , which even that should be let go or minimalized , is being proud of having done something on your own . this false pride in walls built thousands of years ago is the same . forget about the ancient walls and do something new with your own hands . walls have been getting in the way of the development of our collective mentality for millennia . walls make us more like ants than farming or harvesting or raising livestock ever could . walls build up the infrastructure that maintains war and the border mind state of war . mankind builds physical walls for war to promote the bordermind in false pride . we also have the capability to build societal and spiritual walls and encase individuals and whole regions in binds . the mental and spiritual binds and encasements we are surrounded by entrap us just as walls do . and just like walls we believe the walls are protecting us when in fact they are perpetuating the mind state of war , our lacking consciousness . we are educated primarily within walls and informed of the greatness of the great wall . we are informed directly and indirectly as we grow up in the education system of the value of walls . we learn from early on about all the great walls and great wars and great buildings people have erected . and while we re learning the history of mankind we learn to stay in line and shut up . we learn to zip it shut . we learn to seal ourselves up and barricade our mind and spirit closed . we learn to conform by what we are taught and more importantly how we are taught . institutions institutionalized instructions inform us of the value of walls . and in fact institutions are only walls so of course the institutionalized would promote such . we learn that how much we know matters little compared to how much we know about conforming to the status quo . we close ourselves in and make our own individual walls in order to protect us from others , leaving us stuck with ourselves . the bordermind is initiated and we live encased in spiritual and mental walls we built around ourselves through institutionalization . we are walled in by experiences by layers of ego armor and a culture of separation in post - modern society . we close ourselves in from reality in ways we shouldn t and try to in ways we couldn t . no matter who is telling the story , whether einstein or an american indian elder , the valuable truths are eternally applicable . questioning , seeking truth , is also eternally valuable . and so is ceasing cooperation with systems / institutions which on questioning , prove to be wrongful and based on lies . stopping wrong is an eternally applicable and valuable act . stopping to think leads to art and cultural development . proactive focused inactivity spurs societal change and consciousness development of the individual , and the collective . open your heart and mind . do not remain walled in by your armor as institutionally mandated in said and unsaid configurations of the status quo . think . be an individual , not comparable to ants running about as compelled by hollow institutions . have a revolution inside , a revolution of consciousness and overcome the compelling nature of walled institutions . from currenlty free ebook the little green book of revolution by ethan indigo smith : the little green book of revolution is an inspirational book based on ideas of peaceful revolution , historical activism and caring for the earth like native americans . a pro - individual and anti - institutional look at the history of peaceful proactive revolution , it explores the environmental destruction inherent to our present energy distribution systems and offers ideas to counter the oligarchical institutions of the failing new world order about ethan indigo smith : activist , author and tai chi teacher ethan indigo smith was born on a farm in maine and lived in manhattan for a number of years before migrating west to mendocino , california . guided by a keen sense of integrity , humanity and justice , ethan s work is both deeply connected and extremely insightful , blending philosophy , politics , activism , spirituality , meditation and a unique sense of humour . you can connect with ethan on facebook , check out his author page on amazon , or visit his new websites , geometry of energy and meditation 108 , where ethan offers lessons on individuation , meditation , the conceptualization of energy , and the metaphysical significance of 108 . ethan s books include :
new england patriots vs . philadelphia eagles of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next they claim to be patriots . they say that they are constitutionalists . and they say that they are opposed to the thoroughly evil and corrupt globalists and the deep state operatives of the united states political system , the intelligence community , the military - industrial complex , the pedophile and human trafficking networks , and their witting and unwitting accomplices in the mainstream and the alternative media . while , however , completely ignoring the globalists and deep state operatives of the jewish , christian and muslim religious establishments in the united states that provide the theological foundations and justification for this evil and corruption . ( but obviously , according to chapter 13 , verse 12 of the revelation of john , this second beast is servant to the first beast ; in other words , the religious system is servant to the political system ) . because , to them , theology ( and revelation and prophecy ) is completely irrelevant . although , nakedly or indirectly , they claim that god is on their side . although , nakedly or indirectly , they fantasize that their war against the globalists and the deep state is fully equivalent to the war of the sons of light and the sons of darkness . nonsense . and , worse , they fantasize that they will be victorious . ( while , apparently unbeknownst to these patriots , the globalists and deep state operatives are determined to start world war iii with north korea / iran / syria / ukraine , et al . ) but , unfortunately , they are no less dismissive and contemptuous of the revelations and prophecies i have sent them than are the aforementioned globalists and deep state operatives ; that is , they completely ignore the prophecies in the scroll of the war of the sons of light : < URL > in other words , while the globalists and deep state operatives correspond to the sadducees at the time of jesus ; these patriots only correspond to the pharisees . and , remember , the pharisees were no less opposed to and contemptuous of the teaching of jesus that the doctrine of the resurrection is a doctrine of rebirth than were the sadducees . meanwhile , according to the message to the church in philadelphia in chapter 3 , verse 12 of the revelation of john : i will write on him my new name . ( for more information see : < URL > and the included links ; and , furthermore , an eagle is mentioned in the prophecy of august , 1979 : jung used the term synchronicity . in other words , a victory of the new england patriots over the philadelphia eagles in the superbowl of february 4 would nOt be a gOOd sign . michael joseph cecil ( chapter 3 , verse 12 of the revelation of john column Xvii of the scroll of the war of the sons of light ) for : sarah > elijah > john the baptist > mohammed > elizabeth anne cecil ( chapter 11 , verse 14 chapter 17 , verses 10 - 13 of the gospel of matthew ) ( 1987 ) ( 7 th church ) and : isaac > the apostle john > robin ( 1986 ) ( 4 th church ) ishmael > the apostle peter > cindy ( 1992 ) ( 5 th church ) jacob > the apostle thomas > linda ( 1987 - ( 2 nd church ) esau > the apostle , judas > susan ( 1970 ) ( 1 st church ) isaiah s wife > the apostle james > kimberly ( 2000 - ( 3 rd church ) < URL >
enderly park is blistering under an unseasonable september heat , and frank byers saunters across tuckaseegee road to the rec center where he likes to play cards with his neighbors . he doesn t use the crosswalk , but in many ways he s earned
by nell green glory to god in the highest heaven , and on earth peace , good will among people . ( luke 2 : 14 , nRSV ) our first christmas on the field was in 1986 . from then on , every year we host at least one
before the trump administration finally found itself able to claim a significant legislative victory because of the tax reform plan in late 2017 , the president marked his time in office by presiding over the shredding of as much pre - existing regulation as possible , no matter the cost . one of the regulations up for the chopping block was the waters of the united states rule , an obama era move that formally extended the government s authority to curtail pollution to small waterways . the original move proved controversial among industry interests because of the cost of complying with the regulations . in the aftermath of the rule s implementation , interests in the matter brought dozens of lawsuits against the government , and in one of them , the supreme court has just unanimously ruled against the government in other words , against the trump administration . the ruling is not on the merits of the rule itself , but rather on the proper court for hearing challenges to the rule in question . the trump administration has asserted that courts of appeals are the proper venue for such challenges , while industry interests have insisted that district courts are the proper venue . the supreme court has now ruled unanimously in favor of industry interests in this case . national mining association president and cEo hal quinn was thrilled with the outcome , commenting monday : today s unanimous supreme court decision provides much needed clarity and affirms our longstanding position that the clean water act empowers the federal district courts , not the courts of appeals , to initially review legal challenges to the waters of the u . s . rule this win , coupled with the administration s actions in proposing to repeal the rule and seek input on how to properly define waters of the u . s . , puts us one step closer to addressing this deeply problematic rule and the confusion it has created . the administration s apparent legal incompetence on the matter of the waters of the u . s . rule underscores an important point trump and his allies have proven themselves to be at least as concerned with industry interests as they are with protecting the environment . the fact of them not , apparently , knowing what they re doing in this case correlates with a lack of concern . the most infamous example of this apparent preference on the part of the trump administration is the president s abrupt announcement that he would be pulling the u . s . out of the paris climate accord last year . it is worth noting , however , that it requires more to pull the u . s . out of the accord than a single belligerent announcement from the president . more recently , the trump administration moved to open up offshore drilling around essentially the entire u . s . , from california to florida , a move immediately met with widespread criticism . it remains to be seen how the rule change is implemented , if at all , and there has been talk of florida being made exempt from the administration s plans , although that s not certain . what is certain , however , is the trump administration s plans to prioritize u . s . business interests over other interests that the president is supposed to be looking out for as the leader of the country , indicated in everything from the president s tax policy to his environmental policy . featured image via olivier douliery - pool / getty images
with democrats having to force republicans hand to get them to go along with essentially anything that s not perfectly in line with their agenda these days , there s no real reason to think that congress will do anything about this issue anytime soon . tuesday morning , there was yet another school shooting , this time at the marshall county high school in kentucky . as of nearly 10 am local time , information remains sparse , but the state s governor matt bevin has commented on the situation on twitter . he wrote : tragic shooting at marshall county hs shooter is in custody , one confirmed fatality , multiple others wounded much yet unknown please do not speculate or spread hearsay let s let the first responders do their job and be grateful that they are there to do it for us local news outlet marshall county daily wrote on facebook shortly after 9 am local time that [ t ] here has been a shooting at marshall county high school and the school is on lock down , adding , we will bring you more information as soon as it becomes available . local news outlet wpsd local 6 reported that they had reached out to the marshall county sheriff s department and kentucky state police for information and were waiting to hear back from them as of about 10 am local time . the outlet added that their reporters had confirmed three victims taken to hospitals . this incident comes just one day after a school shooting at a high school outside of dallas , texas , left one injured . as of about 10 am on tuesday , the gun violence archive had updated its tallies to include 873 deaths from gun violence in the u . s . so far this year . updatE : since initial reporting , the number of confirmed fatalities has risen to two , and the number of wounded now stands at 19 , 14 of whom suffered gunshot wounds .
meditation comprehension headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next by ethan indigo smith contributing writer for wake up world learn how to see . realize that everything connects to everything else . leonardo da vinci meditation itself is a trick . it is thought to be a complicated practice , but that is confusion . the trick begins in the following contrast : meditation is a simple practice , and yet it enables us to understand , and to perform , complexity . meditation is a practice that benefits the practitioner in innumerable ways , enabling mind and body . and like a lot of magic tricks , this trick really is simply a shift of perspective and a changed perspective can shift everything else , most immediately our thinking and feeling . if we can shift our state of being to be relaxed during the intense part of the game , we can win . if we can shift our state of being to be relaxed during stressful times , we keep our cool . meditation is a trick of perspective . but more than that , meditation enhances our perspective , our consciousness . the word consciousness is used to illustrate our deep thinking and feeling . i like to say that consciousness is the awareness of our awareness . understanding and further practicing meditation enhances our consciousness looking inward ; understanding geometry enhances our consciousness looking outward . ( see : the mandala : the sacred geometry of meditation . ) enhanced consciousness enhances our physical wellbeing and capability . if our consciousness is unwell and our body well , we might easily become upset or depressed , ultimately becoming destructive to our health both internally and externally . but if our consciousness is well and our body is unwell , we might still be joyful and productive , and we are more likely to become well . ( consciousness rules ) enhancing our consciousness also increases our ability to gain control over self , and our ability to accomplish in a productive and enhanced manner . for this reason , meditation is a simple way to trick ourselves to be our most happy and authentic selves . meditation for the youth if every eight year old in the world is taught meditation , we will eliminate violence from the world within one generation . dalai lama if there is one thing that can help individuals be joyful and productive it is meditation . it can help individuals to help themselves , and yet , few people are promoting it generally , and even less so among young people . my inspiration for writing my latest book , meditation and geometry for the youth , was because i realized how lacking meditation instruction is , at home , in schools , in life and even in many yoga classes . my other inspiration stems from a conversation i had with a meditation teacher . long story short , i was facing an immense problem and was upset over it , and moreover i thought it was the biggest problem in the world . what the problem was is not important . the fact that i felt it was a hugely significant problem is what s important . the conversation went like this : i have been thinking a lot about the world and all the people , i said . i have been thinking about the problems in my life , and the lives all the people in the whole world , and i think i understand what the biggest problem in the world is . and i think if we could address just this one issue , all the world s problems would all be solved . i thought at the time that if this one problem could just be solved , everything else would be ok . have you ever felt that way have you ever felt that if you had just one thing , or if things were different in just one way , than all else would perfectly fall into place i continued to tell the teacher what the problem was , and the teacher was stunned but also grinned . as huge a global issue as it was , the problem might as well have been a small personal one . after thinking for a moment he responded , this problem you describe is a very serious one . and all the other problems of the world are serious too , those which are connected and those which are disconnected to this problem you describe . but what is an even bigger problem is the mess from where that problem comes from . the greatest problem in the world , no matter what anyone says , the problem from which all the other problems originate from , is the problem of our lacking consciousness and our unwell consciousness . i was struck . i felt silly . he of course was right . all the problems of the world , and all the problems of your world , all stem from our unwell consciousness . every external problem begins as an internal problem , or something out of balance . that s where meditation can help and to change our world , we need to start with our youth . a strong and steady consciousness solves problems and , just as importantly , does not create them in the first place . a healthy consciousness does not react in a way that creates problems but responds thoughtfully , mindfully creating the future . this conversation made me realize the importance of helping others learn meditation , particularly our youth , so they in turn can help themselves , so they can develop consciousness , and so that problems great and small might meet creative solutions , not just today but in the future . what if we learned to be at peace with ourselves from an early age just imagine how much future generations of children would gain from this regular practice if every child was able to connect to the ocean of consciousness that permeates all that is will stanton meditation and geometry for the youth meditation assists our understanding of intangible , geometry assists our understanding of the physical ; both require and enhance the imagination . ethan indigo smith s book meditation and geometry for the youth is a short and sweet book to introduce young people to meditation and sacred geometry , in a simple format for the youth and youthful alike . it engages and teaches the fundamentals of meditation , offering lessons for all ages on core geometrical concepts and their relationship to meditation and the meditative mind state . helpful toward understanding the world . in the geometry of energy , author ethan indigo smith explores meditation and meditative energies through the sacred four dimensions of geometry . simple and profound , it is an empowering four - step meditation designed to lead to individuation , self - development , an enhanced understanding of energy , and psychological and spiritual cleansing . useful to meditation newcomers and longtime practitioners alike , the geometry of energy provides insights into a variety of meditative processes for psychological and spiritual cleansing and enhancement . about ethan indigo smith : activist , author and tai chi teacher ethan indigo smith was born on a farm in maine and lived in manhattan for a number of years before migrating west to mendocino , california . ethan s work is both deeply connected and extremely insightful , blending philosophy , politics , activism , spirituality , meditation and a unique sense of humor . you can connect with ethan on facebook , check out his author page on amazon , or visit his new websites , geometry of energy and meditation 108 , where ethan offers lessons on individuation , meditation , the conceptualization of energy , and the metaphysical significance of 108 .
awakening of 12 strands of dna reconnecting with you movie of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next [ january 24 , 2018 - zurichtimes . net ] as miles johnston was giving update , it was another case of strange synchronicities of goodness hidden inside of tests and trials , like a follow the whiterabbit down the rabbit hole type of exercise . in researching the 12 strands of dna we came across some articles , one in particular was as a strange synchronicity written exactly 1 year ago on the same topic . < URL > < URL > what are the 12 strands of our dna and why is a war against our dna trailer for awakening of 12 strands the full video is only available as a paid video on vimeo . awakening of 12 strands reconnecting with you vimeo . com / ondemand / awakeningof12strands awakening of 12 strands reconnecting with you . from sandra daroy on vimeo . we have not watched the full video , but based on the strange synchronicities present within we suggest you use your discernment as always necessary in these end times . < URL >
evidence continues to mount that the world ' s most powerful search engine is deliberately manipulating search results they deem objectionable by providing sketchy fact - check reviews of conservative websites while leaving liberal sites untouched . the daily caller reported earlier this week that google is now displaying fact checks for conservative websites in its search results . when an internet user looks up certain news sites that skew to the right , google offers additional information about the site on a sidebar , such as what themes the site often write about , and a " reviewed claims " section . read more here : < URL >
" the crown " on netflix introduces queen elizabeth ' s christian faith as well as her close relationship with world renowned evangelist billy graham . this article will explore whether or not the portrayal of their friendship is accurate . the devout christian faith of queen elizabeth ii is a running theme on the new netflix series " the crown . " her majesty is often shown kneeling by her bedside in prayer . perhaps her petitions are on behalf of her country as the head of the church of england , the mother church of anglicanism worldwide . read more here : < URL >
american - born canadian author and noted novelist , humorist and columnists linwood barclay said , " once you come up with a premise , you have to work out how it all happened . it ' s a bit like coming up with a spectacular roof design first . before you can get it up there , you need to build a solid foundation and supporting structure . " if only christian school organizers would use this statement as an institutional building model things might be radically different some might ask , " why " the organizers , board and faculty are all christians . they might even break into song : " christ is made the sure foundation , christ the head and cornerstone , chosen of the lord , and precious , binding all the church in one , holy zion ' s help forever and her confidence alone . " read more at : < URL >
with much fanfare and publicity , january is declared as human trafficking prevention month , flush with hip hashtag campaigns , slick youtube videos and modern marketing materials . missing from all the global human rights seminars , celebrity public service announcements , blue ribbon campaigns and hollywood events is any mention of the hideous growing global human trafficking and persecution of christians around the world . christian victims of human trafficking and violence seldom merit a mention in the hype and hoopla . read more here : < URL >
the press really hates this museum . since the museum of the bible in washington , d . c . opened , news outlets have been having a cow of biblical proportions . the washington post ran a piece faulting the museum for not devoting more space to skeptics : " bible narratives are presumed true , " the reporter wrote , " and there is little or no discussion of their manifold contradictions . " read more here : < URL >
republican sen . james lankford of oklahoma says that many people in america today are " afraid of faith " and that too many american christians today treat their faith like a weekend " hobby . " lankford , who previously served as the director of student ministries at the baptist convention of oklahoma and is a tireless voice for religious freedom on capitol hill , appeared as a guest on family research council president tony perkins ' special national religious freedom day broadcast of his " washington watch " radio program tuesday . read more here : < URL >
is it god ' s will that we consume a plant - based diet frightening blood test results from my doctor recently prompted me to ponder this question . my triglycerides were at 961 . normal is considered less than 150 . my non - hdl cholesterol was also in the " very high " range at 229 , rather than an " optimal " less than 130 . since i want to be alive to meet my grandchildren someday , i decided to begin a mostly plant - based diet . what does the bible say read more here : < URL >
have you ever seen something or someone you just couldn t explain it seems the people of chicago are experiencing something quite surreal . according to the chicagotribune , there h
in an effort to crack down on the influx of mainly muslim economic migrants from the middle east and north africa while making them easier to deport , switzerland has officially banned citizenship for migrants who have accepted any form of welfare in the last 3 years . for those who cannot or choose not to provide valid documentation about their country of origin ( a majority ) , they would have to pay back all the welfare benefits they received before even being considered for permanent status . breitbart migrants who have lived on state handouts will have their citizenship applications denied in a monumental move to prevent foreign welfare abusers from living in switzerland and on taxpayer funds indefinitely . the new regulations will make it impossible for asylum seekers and migrants who have lived off state handouts in the last three years to become citizens even if they have lived in switzerland as permanent residents for the required time to make a citizenship application , kronen zeitung reports the previous law allowed migrants to apply for citizenship as long as they were not on state benefits at the time of their application . along with the welfare stipulation , the new act requires migrants to demonstrate a greater level of integration than before including making them prove they have a certain number of swiss friends and acquaintances . language requirements vary by canton with most expecting an intermediate level of language proficiency judged on the common european framework of reference for languages ( cefr ) at the b1 or b2 level . while switzerland is not a member of the european union , asylum seekers have attempted to flood into the country through the southern italian border . while many have used switzerland as a transit country to reach germany , others have remained in the alpine state . various cantons and cities in switzerland have attempted to push back against the tide of migrants by making it less appealing for them to come to the country . late last year , the city of zurich voted to dramatically cut benefits to failed asylum seekers who were in so - called f - status in which they cannot be deported . an estimated 5 , 300 failed asylum seekers live in the z rich canton with f status meaning that whilst they have failed in their asylum claim , the government cannot deport them back to their home country because of potential dangers to them . formerly , migrants with f status received around 900 swiss francs ( 691 ) per month but now will receive only the emergency fund amount of 360 swiss francs ( 276 ) each month . the legislation has gone into effect as of january 1 and will urge migrants to obtain full - time employment as well as reimburse the nation for any welfare received during their stay . those who meet this requirement will have the right to apply for swiss citizenship , a privilege that countless migrants have sought in order to exempt them from extradition in the event that they are convicted of a deportable offense . the law will also make permanent residence documents granted to asylum seekers and migrants invalid as long as they have lived on welfare benefits in the last 3 years . the previous legislation provided a loophole for welfare abusers who were not receiving state handouts only during the time of their application . many of the migrants entering switzerland have also come without any form of identification , making it even more difficult to process their asylum claim or deport those not approved for asylum status . simonetta sommaruga revealed late last year that the government is unaware of the true identity of nine out of 10 asylum seekers in the country , mainly because they discard any documents they had , and try to claim to be refugees from syria , which they believe will give them priority status . swiss national councillor more about islam and switzerlanD
would you like some dip with those maggots is essentially the only way to bring some humour into a situation when maggots appear on a meal you are serving . this precise incident did occur for staff at a sydney pub , who had to admit they served a steak riddled with larvae to unsuspecting customers . the unfortunate recipient was stella kim , who still gets ill when recounting the night of her anniversary . a special night turned sour to say the least . for the ranch hotel , located on sydney s north shore , the pr disaster relief is not going to be enough to save the face of the establishment . the pub insists they are adamant about food safety , but also admit to letting these larvae sneak onto the meat before being served up . kim had picked the hotel as the romantic location to celebrate 1 , 000 days with her partner sushil lamichhane . both ordered steaks , but when they arrived it did not take long to notice the little critters . i couldn t believe if this was real . it was horrible , unbelievable , said kim to news . com . au . maggots were crawling over and there was a lot of them . it was like a rotten carcass . the facebook video gives a good enough idea of what it looked like for the couple , who lost their appetite for a few days afterward . the ranch hotel is one of the most pre - eminent establishments in australia . it is owned by australian leisure and hospitality ( alh ) group , which is a collaboration between the mathieson family and woolworths , a major retailer . the pub issued a statement from management on their website shedding more light on the situation . apparently of the 262 steaks , they sold that day , only one was returned for cleanliness reasons . our investigation concluded that the incident was due to blowfly larva laid after the meal was cooked , as it is not possible for larvae to survive the cooking process , read the statement . all our kitchen staff are experienced and accredited in food safety and the ranch stands by its food safety record and processes . the pub also reached out to apologize to kim as well as report their own mishap to local government . the rationale given by the pub has not convinced ms . kim . the ranch has been saying this happened instantaneously and worms burst out somewhat like the big bang that created our universe , says kim . if someone is ( an ) expert in biology and thermodynamics , please review the video so that they are educated on food handling . this echoes the attitude many customers of the pub have towards the rationale given by the pub and like kim , some of them may avoid the ranch all - together in future because of it . however , another example of maggots in steak indicates the ranch was correct in their assessment . in july , a family in melbourne found maggots in a steak they bought in the supermarket that emerged only after cooking . the meat had a couple of weeks before it was past its use date , and was just kept in the fridge before barbequing to keep it fresh . according to the skye blackburn , an expert in entomology in the employ of food chain aldi , has taken a closer look at the meat supplied to the family . it is most likely that the eggs had been laid after this meat had been cooked , and the heat of the meat has accelerated the hatching of the eggs , says blackburn . blackburn went on to explain in more detail . heat allows eggs the potential to hatch within minutes of being laid . due to higher than average temperatures we re experiencing at the moment , it is common for the life cycle of insects to occur more quickly .
when a police force in a rural part of the united states shared a picture of their cooked breakfast , which included eggs and sausage , you wouldn t think anyone would be offended . but vegans who saw the image were furious . they began lashing out at the cops for posting the photo of the hearty breakfast . but the north wales police rural crime team had simply posted the photo to support the local farmers in response to the national farmers union ( nfu ) posted a farmhouse breakfast campaign meeting . the cops spared no expense when cooking their breakfast to support the farmers . it includes plump breakfast sausages , dozens of perfectly poached eggs , ham , baked beans and enough slices of toast for each officer . the image was posted to twitter , and most people were happy to see the rural police force supporting the farmers in the area . but one woman named diana , who claims to be a vegan , lashed out and wrote : speaking as a taxpayer , i d prefer them to be less selective when answering questions and perhaps not post breakfast pics that offend vegetarian / vegan followers pretty thoughtless considering the job title they have . although diana thought she had a good argument , many other members of the community were quick to retaliate . farmer jono dixon shared the following in response to diana s post : it s pathetic . the vegans are ruling the roost . they are nothing more than a menace . we as carnivores or vegetarians don t dictate about there preferred diet so its time they stopped trolling and whining about everyone s daily diets . although people were eager to hear what rural crime team leader rob taylor had to say in response to diana s vegan outburst , he said his lack of response had nothing to do with the vegans who found the breakfast feast offensive . we regularly get 1 m impressions each month , and in august alone we had 1 . 9 m impressions , crime team leader taylor said . we just can t answer ( all inquiries ) anymore as it s a huge commitment . over christmas , we had too much general interaction with people from various walks of life bombarding our feed with questions , and we couldn t cope . because the rural cops care about the farmers in their area , they plan to continue to post to their twitter page . they have about 15 , 000 followers and an extensive reach on social media . most of their followers love them and support everything they do . although the rural crime team refused to admit that the vegans had won , since christmas day , they have not posted any more images showcasing the eggs and bacon they eat to start off their day of crime fighting . they did share the following post : we have considered all options , and from immediate effect , we will cease responding to comments and questions until further notice . readers of metro generally did not find the sausage offensive , but felt that way about the vegan post . previous generation : sticks and stones may break my bones , but words will never hurt me . today s generation : everything hurts . do you think it is okay for the police to share an image of their breakfast if it includes meat
recently , a federal judge ruled against mccormick co . and has decided to proceed in a lawsuit concerning the size of its ground pepper product , and despite the company s request to dismiss the motion . a smaller spice seller watkins , inc . , sued mccormick last year after discovering that the competitor had removed 25 percent of their product although using the same tins . the picture here demonstrates what watkins is aiming to accomplish with this case . obviously , when compared side by side , mccormick seems to have more pepper than the watkins container even though mccormick is fooling its customers with a visual trick . that s right , mccormick is essentially using an optical illusion to sell more ground pepper than watkins . do you think this is fair although the two mccormick ground black pepper tins appear to be the same size which they are the one of the left contains 8 ounces of product while the one of the right only contains 6 ounces . the smaller tin on the left , which houses the watkins ground black pepper , houses 6 ounces of product . even though mccormick and watkins sell the same amount of product in their tins , mccormick uses a larger container to fool the customer into thinking they re getting more pepper . because of this deceit , watkins has sued mccormick . they argue that mccormick is deceiving their customers by reducing the amount of pepper in their non - see - through containers while not changing the size of the tin . although the product says 6 ounces on the bottom instead of 8 ounces , it is written in tiny font that only the most astute shopper would notice . according to the original watkins Pr release , mccormick has been illegally slack filling ( under - filling tins ) its ground black pepper in tins in a manner that misleads retailers and consumers and is an illegal , deceptive marketing practice . watkins has claimed the mccormick s deceitful marketing tactic had hurt sale of spices . when put side by side , the customer invariably assumes that the mccormick brand is selling more ground black pepper but in truth , the containers hold the same amount . on the other hand , mccormick says they have not falsely advertised their product . why because the correct product weight is listed on the tin . but now mccormick isn t just being sued by watkins . they also face a class - action lawsuit from consumers who feel that they ve been tricked and swindled out of their ground pepper . have you bought the new tin of mccormick ground black pepper without knowing this case currently makes its way through the federal courts . as consumers , don t trust any products you buy . inspect them and make sure you re getting what you think you re getting because companies are all too eager to rip you off at any opportunity they can get . integrity in the marketplace is fundamental , said mark jacobs , ceo of watkins , for nearly 150 years watkins has built its reputation with consumers as a premium high quality products company with impeccable honesty and business ethics . as america s first consumer products company to offer a money - back satisfaction guarantee in 1868 , we stand behind the quality and value of our products , and believe the consumer always deserves full transparency to determine value . do you think mccormick is deceiving you as a customer
what seemed like a rudimentary sketch of an old - man turns out to offer much more mystery than meets the eye . this profile sketch went viral on social media sites as people began to realize he is missing an ear and has a rather strange moustache clearly something was up . those responsible for the sketch insist only 1 of people will be able to decipher the animal in the picture within 2 minutes . are you able to spot it do you think it s only part of an animal head rather than the whole thing did you spot it within two minutes doing these kinds of experiments are a fun way to keep your brain active and your eyes a flutter as the day rolls on . the test is just like one of many optical illusions being shared around the internet these days . these optical illusions might be inspired by psychological testing material because it s true that psychologists do a fair amount of visual cue testing . have you ever heard of the rorschach test it s a psychological test in which a patient interprets what they see in different inkblots on paper . these interpretations are recorded and analyzed by the psychologist . but don t worry , this face is not some kind of psychological assessment . it s merely an optical illusion meant to surprise people and expand their minds can a face really look like an animal when looked at in a different way after seeing this face we know that it can . since it s not a test , there is no pressure to try and get it in under two minutes . if you do get it , then you can count yourself in the 1 of people who have incredible skill at analyzing complex images . you would make a great forensic psychologist or computer programmer ( if you are not already one ) . and since it s all for fun , we will give you a hint to help you succeed ( because we really want you to succeed ) pay special attention to the right side of the man s head . it is from this odd - shape that you should approach the image . think of all the features of the face in relation to this starting point , and begin to see what two pieces match together . we also suggest looking up animal images on google to get an idea of the shape , size , and contours of animal heads you think might just be the one . the more you search , the closer you will come to understanding the cartoon - like design of the man s head . don t worry about doing a little research on the side no one said it was out of bounds . take it as the starting point for interpreting the rest of the shapes and if you re lucky , you will be part of the hallowed 1 think you have it down share it with your friends and see what they find . it may be that you all see a different animal , which in itself is quite exciting . perhaps you all have subconscious biases towards certain types of animals you know better than others .
we should never forget prisoners in any case , but we ought to be especially public about our reverence and concern for political prisoners , says omali yeshitela .
surely , if you live in the capitals of sweden or germany or belgium , you have entertained the idea of leaving . not to mention the southern areas of greece and italy , where hordes of illegal alien muslim invaders posing as refugees are being dumped off by the boatload from ngOs and human traffickers the result of which is turning once tranquil and beautiful resort areas into migrant slums ridden with crime and rape .
in this 7 - minute tirade , our hearts go out to this woman who has become afraid to live in her own city for one reason , and one reason only , which she dares not mention , lest she be called a nazi . she is afraid of being attacked or raped , especially at night . she is afraid for her grown children to out of the house at night . she is at a loss for what to do but is contemplating organizing a march with her fellow german women against what has become out - of - control crime and rampant sexual assaults on young girls and women . against a police force that seems incapable of doing anything about it , or even worse , a police force that is not permitted to do anything about it . . for fear of being accused of anti - muslim racism ( even though islam is not a race ) . notice how she dances around the reason because she can t even bring herself to mention it in this video , or it could lead to her arrest by angela merkel s thought police .
from the london school of sharia law , radical islamists freely speak of their intention to replace kufar ( infidel ) law with islamic law . and what are our friends the brits doing about this threat nothing . they are submitting to the will of allah and will see their nation become an islamic state within 30 years . may [ ]
muslims in london want to know why the police won t allow wilders to come out and face them for a few minutes , just long enough for them to cut off his head . after all , according to the holy quran , they have the right to kill anyone who insults their so - called prophet muhammad and wilders certainly [ ]
britain : gamal demian ( below ) , an egyptian muslim migrant , convicted paedophile , and serial rapist , who preyed on little girls as young as eight , will have his jail term in the uk reduced because he is deaf and cannot hear the television in his cell or chat with other inmates . breitbart ( h / t emma ) he was sentenced to 20 years [ ]
useful idiot for islam theresa may claims : muslim terrorists do not really mean allahu akbar when they shout allahu akbar every time they carry out an islamic terrorist attack in the name of islam , because islamic terrorism is not islamic and has nothing to do with islam . she says the bigger problem is the far right , not radical islam , because islamic terrorism does not exist and muslims are a peaceful people .
the fbi targets black ideology it is a catch - all for blanket repression of black activism of any kind . the fbi has apparently chosen a new heading under which to lump black americans targeted for political persecution : black identity extremists . there s a simple explanation for the new categorization . the fbi is a bureaucracy whose day - to - day work involves drawing up lists of people and organizations to be surveilled , disrupted and prosecuted . the dramatic increase in black movement activity since the 2014 police killing of michael brown in ferguson , missouri , has presented the fbi with a much larger field of targets , including youthful elements loosely grouped under the black lives matter banner . when bureaucracies compile new lists , they typically file them under new names . in a sense , the change in nomenclature is an acknowledgement by the fbi that , after nearly two generations of black political stagnation and capitulation , there is finally a black movement with the potential to upset the status quo . the leaked fbi counterterrorism division report , scooped by foreign policy magazine , also signifies that black grassroots political activity is under the purview of the national security state s war on terror and , therefore , subject to the awesome array of repressive measures authorized to law enforcement and intelligence agencies since 9 / 11 . the change in nomenclature is an acknowledgement by the fbi that there is finally a black movement with the potential to upset the status quo . cointelpro the fbi s program to " expose , disrupt , misdirect , discredit , or otherwise neutralize " those designated as enemies of the state was itself exposed as an illegal police state mechanism in the mid - 1970 s . since 2001 , the government s cointelpro - like programs have been superseded by a far more repressive regime , inaugurated by president george w . bush and strengthened under barack obama . the post - 9 / ll national security state has legalized the world s most intrusive surveillance apparatus and detention without trial or charge , a system designed specifically to crush targeted ideologies meaning , modes of thought and political identification . it is in this context that the fbi s umbrella designation black identity extremists is so insidious and dangerous , in that it targets people based on their ( stated , imagined or inferred ) beliefs and ethnic loyalties , rather than specific criminal acts or even organizational affiliation . it is a catch - all for blanket repression of black activism of any kind . since 2001 , the government s cointelpro - like programs have been superseded by a far more repressive regime . the fbi mindset has clearly been shaped by its frustration with so - called lone wolf islamic jihadists - - individual actors not directly affiliated with al qaida or its offshoots . u . s . police and intelligence operatives speak constantly of the need to identify and neutralize muslims in our midst that have been radicalized or self - radicalized and thus are fair game to be subjected to every tactic of entrapment and dirty tricks . the fbi views black activists in the same light - - as potentially dangerous , self - radicalized threats . the counterterrorism division report cites six armed attacks on u . s . cops in the post - ferguson period , including dallas , baton rouge and new york city , as justification for its ideology - based categorization of the black menace . micah johnson , who shot 11 cops in dallas , appeared to have been influenced by bie ideology based on his journal writings and statements to police , said the bureau . bie ideology is whatever the fbi thinks it is . in the tortured logic of white supremacist law and order , black identification with other blacks is inherently subversive and a prima facie justification for surveillance . the bureau s bie list could eventually accommodate every conceivable political tendency of black thought - - including the ideologies resident in the venerable old naacp , which issued a statement on the leaked fbi document . in a time when white supremacists are marching down city streets with loaded weapons and tiki torches organizing rallies of terror around the country it comes as a great shock that the fbi would decide to target black identity groups protesting police brutality and their right to exist free of harm , as a threat , said naacp president and ceo derrick johnson . the designation targets people based on their ( stated , imagined or inferred ) beliefs and ethnic loyalties , rather than specific criminal acts or even organizational affiliation . johnson then attempts to lay the blame for this state of affairs on president trump , who has emboldened . . . right - wing extremists , white nationalists and white supremacists . but , the fbi has been surveilling black lives matter activists ever since the explosion of resistance in ferguson . as early as december , 2014 , the fbi was discovered to have tracked black lives matter activists at the huge mall of the americas in bloomington , minnesota , in conjunction with state and local officers of the joint terrorism task force . in july of 2015 the intercept reported that feds regularly monitored black lives matter since ferguson , exposing extensive surveillance of the rejuvenated black movement by the department of homeland security and the fbi s joint terrorism task force . the fbi has been spying on black activists since its founding in the early 20 th century . cointelpro was created during the eisenhower administration , and never died . under president obama , black activists became targets of the war on terror , and now the fbi has conjured up a rationale to criminalize african american political thought as black identities ideology . the bureau will ultimately decide what this ideology actually is , and whose head it is lurking in . bar executive editor glen ford can be contacted at [ email protected ] .
ta - nehisi coates is the neoliberal face of the black freedom struggle the disagreement between coates and me is clear : his view of black america is narrow and dangerously misleading . ta - nehisi coates we were eight years in power , a book about barack obama s presidency and the tenacity of white supremacy , has captured the attention of many of us . one crucial question is why now in this moment has his apolitical pessimism gained such wide acceptance coates and i come from a great tradition of the black freedom struggle . he represents the neoliberal wing that sounds militant about white supremacy but renders black fightback invisible . this wing reaps the benefits of the neoliberal establishment that rewards silences on issues such as wall street greed or israeli occupation of palestinian lands and people . the disagreement between coates and me is clear : any analysis or vision of our world that omits the centrality of wall street power , us military policies , and the complex dynamics of class , gender , and sexuality in black america is too narrow and dangerously misleading . so it is with ta - nehisi coates worldview . coates rightly highlights the vicious legacy of white supremacy - - past and present . he sees it everywhere and ever reminds us of its plundering effects . unfortunately , he hardly keeps track of our fightback , and never connects this ugly legacy to the predatory capitalist practices , imperial policies ( of war , occupation , detention , assassination ) or the black elite s refusal to confront poverty , patriarchy or transphobia . coats sounds militant about white supremacy but renders black fightback invisible . in short , coates fetishizes white supremacy . he makes it almighty , magical and unremovable . what concerns me is his narrative of defiance . for coates , defiance is narrowly aesthetic a personal commitment to writing with no connection to collective action . it generates crocodile tears of neoliberals who have no intention of sharing power or giving up privilege . when he honestly asks : how do you defy a power that insists on claiming you , the answer should be clear : they claim you because you are silent on what is a threat to their order ( especially wall street and war ) . you defy them when you threaten that order . coates tries to justify his defiance by an appeal to black atheism , to a disbelief in dreams and moral appeal . he not only has no expectations of white people at all , but for him , if freedom means anything at all it is this defiance . note that his perception of white people is tribal and his conception of freedom is neoliberal . racial groups are homogeneous and freedom is individualistic in his world . classes don t exist and empires are nonexistent . this presidency , he writes , opened a market for a new wave of black pundits , intellectuals , writers and journalists - - one that coates himself has benefited from . and his own literary dreams of success were facilitated by a black neoliberal president who ruled for eight years - - an example of black respectability , good negro government . his perception of white people is tribal and his conception of freedom is neoliberal . coates reveals his preoccupation with white acceptance when he writes with genuine euphoria : as i watched barack obama s star shoot across the political sky . . . i had never seen so many white people cheer on a black man who was neither an athlete nor an entertainer . and it seemed that they loved him for this , and i thought in those days . . . that they might love me too . there is no doubt that the marketing of coates - - like the marketing of anyone - - warrants suspicion . does the profiteering of fatalism about white supremacy and pessimism of black freedom fit well in an age of trump - - an age of neo - fascism , us style coates wisely invokes the bleak worldview of the late great derrick bell . but bell reveled in black fightback , rejoiced in black resistance and risked his life and career based on his love for black people and justice . needless to say , the greatest truth - teller about white supremacy in the 20 th century - - malcolm x - - was also deeply pessimistic about america . yet his pessimism was neither cheap nor abstract - - it was earned , soaked in blood and tears of love for black people and justice . does the profiteering of fatalism about white supremacy and pessimism of black freedom fit well in an age of trump unfortunately , coates allegiance to obama has produced an impoverished understanding of black history . he reveals this when he writes : ossie davis famously eulogized malcolm x as our living , black manhood and our own black shining prince . only one man today could bear those twin honorifics : barack obama . this gross misunderstanding of who malcolm x was - - the greatest prophetic voice against the american empire - - and who barack obama is - - the first black head of the american empire - - speaks volumes about coates neoliberal view of the world . coates praises obama as a deeply moral human being while remaining silent on the 563 drone strikes , the assassination of us citizens with no trial , the 26 , 171 bombs dropped on five muslim - majority countries in 2016 and the 550 palestinian children killed with us supported planes in 51 days , etc . he calls obama one of the greatest presidents in american history , who for eight years . . . walked on ice and never fell . coates allegiance to obama has produced an impoverished understanding of black history . it is clear that his narrow racial tribalism and myopic political neoliberalism has no place for keeping track of wall street greed , us imperial crimes or black elite indifference to poverty . for example , there is no serious attention to the plight of the most vulnerable in our community , the Lgbt people who are disproportionately affected by violence , poverty , neglect and disrespect . the disagreements between coates and i are substantive and serious . it would be wrong to construe my quest for truth and justice as motivated by pettiness . must every serious critique be reduced to a vicious takedown or an ugly act of hatred can we not acknowledge that there are deep disagreements among us with our very lives and destinies at stake is it even possible to downplay career moves and personal insecurities in order to highlight our clashing and conflicting ways of viewing the cold and cruel world we inhabit i stand with those like robin dg kelley , gerald horne , imani perry and barbara ransby who represent the radical wing of the black freedom struggle . we refuse to disconnect white supremacy from the realities of class , empire , and other forms of domination - - be it ecological , sexual , or others . the same cannot be said for ta - nehisi coates . this article previously appeared in the guardia uk .
cornel west vs . coates : a necessary debate that black agenda report has amplified since its inception coates has benefitted from the neo - liberal brand of black leadership that grew in strength during the era of obama . i began writing for black agenda report over four years ago . as a " non - black " identified person of color , black agenda report ' s commitment to the black radical tradition was an inspiration in a period marked by deep political reaction . black agenda report did not betray its political principles in the face of the first black president at a time when there was immense pressure to do so . black agenda report not only provided a forum for black left political thought and action , but also advanced necessary debates in service of movements for social transformation in the black american community and oppressed communities worldwide . the conversation that has emerged from cornel west s critique of coates is one that bar has amplified since its inception and should not be left in the polluting grips of the black political class and their white liberal allies . cornel west essentially outlined the political program of the black radical tradition by exposing the political emptiness of ta - nehisi coates . coates has made exorbitant profit from book sales and articles for publications such as the atlantic . his recent text , eight years in power capitalized on the rise of donald trump in the aftermath of the obama era . coates has benefitted from the neo - liberal brand of black leadership that grew in strength during the era of obama . his work on reparations , white supremacy , and the obama - trump phenomenon has given him a bright national spotlight . however , with one article , cornel west illuminated how coates has done little more than build a comfortable career in place of genuine service to the masses of poor and oppressed people in the black community and beyond . the conversation that has emerged from cornel west s critique of coates is one that bar has amplified since its inception and should not be left in the polluting grips of the black political class and their white liberal allies . west s intervention is not without a contextual basis . the history of black political thought and action has always been rife with contested debate in the struggle to chart the correct path forward to substantive emancipation . individual black leaders and organizations have debated questions such as the viability of black nationalism , the difference between civil rights and human rights , and the role of socialist ideology in the black freedom movement , to name a few . these debates were products of concrete struggle over the trajectory of the black polity . they provided much needed clarity for the advancement of black liberation . yet when west made clear that coates inability to challenge wall street and war was a rebuke of the black radical tradition , there were many who quickly sought to distance themselves from the substance of west s position . west was channeling w . e . b . du bois , fannie lou hammer , claudia jones , malcolm x , and the black panther party when he challenged coates much - heralded body of work . what black agenda report calls the black political class has never wanted anything to do with these stalwarts of the black radical tradition . this was evident in the guardian when it published responses to west s critique from prominent black academics and black activists . of the four interviewed , only one engaged with the substance of the debate . none openly took sides . west was channeling w . e . b . du bois , fannie lou hammer , claudia jones , malcolm x , and the black panther party when he challenged coates much - heralded body of work . west has received largely negative responses for his critique of coates . his opposition to wall street and war is a fundamental threat to Us imperialism and thus the patronage the system endows the black political class . criticism of west has centered on his so - called lackluster approach . black lives matter network leader patrisse cullors claimed that the debate was " not definitive to our communities . " one can only wonder how silencing cornel west serves anything but the interests of the parasitic imperialist system that has subjected black america to a state of precarity for centuries . perhaps the worst example thus far was published in an article in the intercept . infamous progressive naomi klein and black lives matter leader opal tometi penned a statement that urged readers to forget about the west and coates debate . the focus of our attention should instead be on the need to build a " multiracial " movement against the Us empire . the piece lectures readers about the importance of fighting empire and war yet reduces west ' s arguments to " narrow nationalism . " sloppy organization and a lengthy word count do nothing but prove that the authors of the article had as their primary interest the erasure of the black radical tradition in favor of a color - blind approach to organizing . the klein / tometi piece lectures readers about the importance of fighting empire and war yet reduces west ' s arguments to " narrow nationalism . " there is no time to reduce west ' s criticism of coates to foolish infighting . rather than insulting west ' s critique as " not definitive " to our communities , we should be taking the time to learn from it . internationalism has been a fundamental aspect of the black radical tradition from the very outset of its development . whether coates has or hasn ' t addressed the questions of war and wall street throughout his illustrious career is not of primary concern . the concern is that his body of work is less reflective of the black radical tradition and more so the perils of collaboration with imperialism . west questions coates ' commitment to the black radical tradition by citing both a record of inaction on the questions of wall street and war and a tendency to align with the obama wing of imperialism toward profitable ends . these are questions that black agenda report has placed on the forefront of discussion long before west applied them to coates work . black agenda report has been the only left political journal to consistently expose the black political class and its role in the reproduction of imperialism s exploitative social relations . black agenda report is the lone black left journal that provides both news and analysis on issues of war , racism , and capitalism . the black agenda report team has given ample space for the people to learn from the political debate occurring in movements such as cooperation jackson . editor bruce dixon has been digging through the archives to highlight black agenda report as the only consistent voice when it comes to coverage of the Us - led invasion of libya in 2011 or the black political class support for the demise of net neutrality . black agenda report has been the only left political journal to consistently expose the black political class and its role in the reproduction of imperialism s exploitative social relations . west s engagement with coates is thus nothing new to either black agenda report or the black radical tradition from which it sprung . black america has historically led the way in the revolutionary struggle against imperialism from inside the belly of the beast . imperialism by its very nature has required the destruction of black self - determination , the looting of wealth , and the denial nationhood to maximize the profits of capital . the struggle for black self - determination has thus produced debates within black leadership concerning the correct direction for not only black people , but also for the entire human family . it is the duty of progressive and revolutionary forces in the Us to take sides in such debates , not discourage them . this writer decided to contribute to black agenda report because the debate over the questions of war , wall street , and the black radical tradition must be met with a revolutionary movement dedicated to the development of a new society free of exploitation . black agenda report has shown time and again that it is committed to creating favorable conditions for such a movement to emerge . the black left journal spends each week raising the people s level of political development . working class and oppressed people such as myself find this model attractive . in a moment where mass fear is as palpable as class war , the link between the battle of ideas and the struggle for a new world has become increasingly clear . cornel west has consistently fought in both struggles . the same cannot be said for coates . cornel west has taken the best from the black radical tradition to raise important questions about the role coates s work plays in the future of humanity . ta - nehisi coates was placed at the center of the critique but by no means did west single him out without purpose or strategy . revolutionary ideas are the foundation blocks for the new world we seek . black agenda report has amplified the ideology of the black left reflected in west s critique of coates since the publication s inception . war , racism , and wall street are interconnected phenomena that make up the skeleton of the class war before us . cornel west has taken a side in this war and has challenged us to do the same , whether coates responds to west or not . danny haiphong is an activist and journalist in the new york city area . he can be reached at [ email protected ]
freedom rider : who killed erica garner obama never gave eric garner or his family the justice that he had the power to give . i felt the same pain that my father felt on that day when he was screaming , i can t breathe . - - erica garner erica garner was only 27 - years old when she died on december 30 , 2017 . she was the mother of two children , one of whom was eight years old and the other just four months old . ms . garner became famous when father , eric garner , was murdered by new york city police on july 14 , 2014 . the killing was filmed and the world heard his last words , i can t breathe . most police murder victims die unknown and their deaths are rarely even investigated . garner was killed when thousands of people mobilized in mass protest across the country over the issue of police homicides . because of that pressure the city of new york went through the motions of prosecuting his killer , daniel pantaleo . but the grand jury in the conservative and mostly white borough of staten island refused to indict . pantaleo is still on the force and even received an increase in pay when he earned over time for court appearances . ms . garner was left to deal with her father s death as best she could . she was an ordinary young woman , inexperienced in political activism or media relations . yet she overcame what would be considered short comings by taking the simplest and most basic action . she spoke up . obama s response to demands was phony , meant to give the appearance of action when none was taken . barack obama s justice department only prosecuted two cases of police brutality and eric garner s was not among them . obama s response to demands was phony , meant to give the appearance of action when none was taken . he sent scoundrels like al sharpton to ferguson , missouri but only for show . obama would even meet with activists and family members when he thought he could get political cover by doing so . but he never gave eric garner or his family the justice that he had the power to give . he met ms . garner on one occasion but because of her agitation . in july 2016 alton sterling and philando castille also died in on - camera police murders . in dallas , texas a man named micah xavier johnson exacted revenge by killing five police officers in that city . johnson was himself killed by police using a remote bombing device to do the deed . gavin long did the same in baton rouge , louisiana , killing three police before he too died at the hands of other officers . pantaleo is still on the force and even received an increase in pay when he earned over time for court appearances . the realization that johnson and long changed the political conversation forced the obama administration to hastily stage a dog and pony show entitled the president and the people : a national conversation . ms . garner was invited to attend the nationally televised town hall along with other relatives of police murder victims . but the attempt at window dressing was not completely successful because she refused to be silent . the ulterior motives were so obvious that black lives matter co - founder patrice cullors called the town hall a shit show . it was honestly one of the worst experiences you could ve put families through . it was all about apologizing about the cops , it was just a mess . in short , it was vintage obama . he wanted to dampen black people s justifiable anger and put a happy face on the system s criminality . when her words threatened to ruin the obama effort at damage control she was allowed to speak with him briefly . to her credit , erica garner exposed emperor obama s nakedness . neither she nor any of the other families were permitted to ask questions . she loudly proclaimed that they had been used , railroaded as she put it . she asked an important question , a black person has to yell to be heard of course the answer is yes . it has always been yes . when her words threatened to ruin the obama effort at damage control she was allowed to speak with him briefly . video of the conversation shows him in all of his hollow glory . he was clearly uninterested in ms . garner , mouthing condolences but making excuses for inaction . he barely hid the irritation he felt as he was forced to speak with her . but erica garner s best efforts couldn t move the system and she had challenges in her personal life as well . early in 2017 she was pregnant and assaulted by her child s father . according to her mother she was diagnosed with an enlarged heart and suffered a heart attack shortly after giving birth . a second heart attack on christmas eve killed her . obama wanted to dampen black people s justifiable anger and put a happy face on the system s criminality . the stories of the survivors end this way all too often . they suffer trying to do what it is impossible , act on their own against a system that sanctifies police murder of black people . one could say that pantaleo killer her when he killed her father . then again the obama administration chose not to give her justice and they were accessories too . as a black woman she lived in a society that didn t value her life and that fails to provide basic health care outcomes . there are many perpetrators in this sad story . but she isn t alone . ramsey orta filmed eric garner s death and police retaliated by setting him up in a drug deal . he is serving four years in prison and says he regrets having ever been involved . erica garner is one of many nypd victims . her story is one of bravery but also one of caution . just weeks before her fatal heart attack she spoke of how the system beats you down . all too often the beat down is deadly . margaret kimberley s freedom rider column appears weekly in bar , and is widely reprinted elsewhere . she maintains a frequently updated blog as well at < URL > . ms . kimberley lives in new york city , and can be reached via e - mail at margaret . kimberley ( at ) blackagendareport . com
if you were around in the nineties , they surely you know about the magic eye stereograms . remember those optical illusion posters that were hung all over the place . they became so addicting so fast that malls even had dedicated stores where they were sold . well , we have some good news they just may be coming back , all thanks to blake lively . the famed actress recently posted one of the stereograms to her instagram account , alongside the comment what a hole decided the world no longer needed these and we are happy she did because they provide hours of fun for all ages . at first glance , the illusions look like giant posters made out of colorful dots , but once you look closer and have a staring contest with the posters , you soon learn that there is much more to the images than a bunch of dots . actual pictures pop out at you and they appear to be so real that you will be second guessing whether or not the subject in the illusion is going to reach out and touch you . so , how did the artists manage to put together a bunch of tiny dots to reveal an image well , it s based on a whole lot of research that tested what the human eye can detect and is based on depth perception and the ability to view things in three dimensions . lively s post was shared when she was on a mission to promote her movie , the shallows , and the illusion is certainly fitting for the actresses latest film . you can give the illusion a try just by staring into the black and blue dots for several seconds . by staring at the image like this , it causes your eyes to unfocus slightly . just a warning your eyes might cross , which can be painful for some . another way to see the image pop out at you is to start out by standing close to the image , then slowly move away from it while continuing to stare . soon , you will be able to witness the image coming to life . this particular image has internet users going wild since it s not all that easy to see . according to the magic eye viewing tips , it is actually easier to look at the image on a piece of paper instead of on a computer screen . if you are having trouble detecting the image , it may help to know that it relates to lively s movie , the shallows , which is based on a surfer s struggle to shore after she is attacked by a great white shark . the movie is sure to leave you in fear of being in open water , as it includes horrific moments of one woman s struggle to survive . it is one film that is sure to leave you on the edge of your seat . it will be interesting to see if magic eye posters get popular again , since lively s popular post . the good thing about them is that they have something for everyone and they are certainly a conversation piece if you have one hanging on the wall in your home .
it is always good to take a break from the challenging things that you do on a daily basis and look at something entertaining on the internet because our brains need a break every once in a while one great way to take a break but not go completely brain dead while on the web is to do those interesting web puzzles that you come across that really make you think about what you are doing , and require some extra thought than compared to just browsing and shopping . this puzzle will probably get you very frustrated but has quite a simple answer . take a look at this block of text , and see if you can find your name in here : if you can t , don t worry because most people typically get tricked up when they start looking for their name and realize that you need to actually look for your name within the block of text . tricky take another look and see if you can find your name now . you should be able to spot it three times . if you give up and simply cannot locate your name , check out the video below to see the answer for yourself the trickiest one is at the top because it is backward . this type of puzzle is actually the type of puzzle that is most recommended by brain doctors for keeping mental health in tip top condition . this is because when you do these puzzles , your brain is not rapidly multitasking , which really wears and tears on the frontal lobe in your head which puts us under a lot of stress , not only in our brains but in our bodies as well . when we are under stress , our body emits a toxic hormone called cortisol into the memory sector of the brain . this means that when you multitask , you are slowly decreasing your memory capabilities that is why if you just take some time out of the day to stop your hectic work day , cut your constant connection with technology , and sit back and relax to do these puzzles , you will be at a better overall health if you do these puzzles over time repeatedly . they help you relax , unwind , and prevent that nasty hormone from being released that makes us feel awful . if you want more help keeping your brain in that tip top working order , here is another puzzle that you can do . this one is a bit more centered around for children , however , it still has the same effect on your head because it will help divert your attention from the rest of the bust things going on around you . you should be able to find six hidden words . they are pretty well stuck in there too , except for the obvious one on the side of the boy who is sitting on the couch and reading . did you find all six let us know if you do crossword puzzles and word searches often in the comments below , and let us know how they affect your overall health
whether you follow all the optical illusions that are spreading across the internet or not , this one is well worth your time . while many of them are not as challenging as you might imagine , this one is certainly going to get you scratching your head . it is a simple drawing that will make you look twice , three times or four times . it is that confusing . the simple sketch was popular back in the 1980 s and was recently posted to reddit where it went viral overnight . just take a look at the image with one question in mind how many legs does this elephant have does it have four like normal elephants or more like some kind of alien critter check it out below and tell me what you see in the comments below now although the image has been debated at length in the discussion forums of reddit and other websites , people cannot determine the number of legs on this mammal . it is confusing and uncertain . because the picture is sketched in black and white , men and women have numerous answers for it . while common sense tells us that there should be one leg , other people insist that the elephant has more than that namely five legs . but the true answer might make you angry . take a closer look at the picture , because this elephant has only one leg . people have shared their reasons why . but it seems clear if you look at it . many of the legs are only half drawn . they are made to look complete but they re not . the upper part of the limb starts the sketch but it doesn t finish . instead the feet are drawn in the negative space , which makes it very confusing for people . nevertheless , explanations have come in droves . here was one : the reason you ve having trouble with this image is due to the fact that the artist responsible for this image was very clever . the only correct elephant leg in the drawing is the back left leg . that leg is completely intact , but the others aren t . if you look very closely , you ll see that the rest of the legs have the foot missing from them . basically , the artist chopped the feet off of the legs and put the images of the feet between the actual legs . look closely at the image and you ll see exactly what i m talking about . although this is a very convincing answer , many people refuse to believe that an elephant can have fewer than four legs . they don t care if the legs don t have feet . readers on mailonline shared their reaction to the elephant drawing : this picture was doing the rounds when i was at school , about 100 years before the internet was even a twinkle in old tim berners - lee s eye i can see 4 legs but the way the gaps between them have been drawn it is to deceive the viewer that there are 5 . how many legs do you see on this elephant please SharE thiS optical illUSion with a friend online today
first - grade teacher bret turner was just thinking of a way to engage his precocious students over the holidays . he gave his class a tricky riddle to solve over the break , thinking no one would be able to solve it , but giving their brains something to grapple with none - the - less . however , he and most of the twitter world were as surprised as ever to find out that some kids actually do have all the answers to the most complex issues in life . turner should know a thing or two about what young kids are capable of . he is a 37 - year old teacher living in the san fransisco bay area who has spent the past seven years teaching first - and second - graders . he actually has a real love for riddles because of the conceptual work it makes kids do . it is a turner tradition to start each week with a different kind of riddle and let s the kids grapple with it and seek and answer . this one particular week the riddle went like this : i am the beginning of everything , the end of everywhere . i am the beginning of eternity , and the end of time and space . who am i the first one to guess the riddle gave an impressively deep answer : death . while the whole room fell silent over the answer , it was in fact not the right one turner took to twitter to share the surprising turn of events . he mentioned that an awed , somber , reflective hush fell over the class when the word was written out on the board . clearly , it was a lot for young kids to consider the realities of such an immense concept as death . in that moment , turner did not want to reveal the actual correct answer to the riddle , was is the letter e . this was a very typical first - grade moment ; guesses to riddles are always great , and often the wrong answers are better than the correct ones . turner later told the education news outlet tODaY parents . the first answer was not the only one to reference finitude or the nothingness present in the world . some of the other guesses were NOt everything , the end , or even the most surprising : nothingthing . what is even funnier is that when turner actually revealed the answer to the riddle , most of the kids were not impressed . perhaps it had to do with the grammatical nature of the joke , a reference to word - play that is likely lost on 7 and 8 - year - olds . according to turner , the collection of answers pertaining to death was actually indicative of the topics that young kids often speak about . he points out that young kids face death on a regular basis , whether in the form of aging grandparents or a dying pet . they are just as fascinated by it as anyone , and take pleasure in seeking some resolution to it finally happening . while it might no be a surprise to turner , it sure is a surprise to most of us who imagine our kids talking about playing outside and imaginary worlds . the un - groundedness of kids is something we assume without paying attention to all the different things they like to speak about including death .
muslim girls school in the uk has received the lowest ofsted rating available after inspectors discovered that pupils were not provided with toilet paper for islamic cultural reasons . uk telegraph ( h / t trop staff at the park avenue girls high school , in stoke - on - trent , said paper was available from the school office , but because most of the students were muslim , they preferred to wash rather than wipe . the ofsted report stated : at the time of the inspection , it was not the school s common practice to provide soap for pupils hand - washing , toilet roll in the toilets or suitable drinking water . toilet paper is available from the school office when pupils request it . pupils told inspectors that they sometimes avoided using toilets for the whole school day because of this . but headteacher abdul ghafoor salloo defended the policy , insisting the school catered for the cultural needs of the pupils . the children they do use the toilets and traditionally , because we are muslim , we wash , not only wipe . there are facilities for pupils to clean themselves , he said . it might be hard for someone who doesn t traditionally wash to understand and washing is better than wiping clean . the ofsted inspector said there has to be toilet rolls , we said there are always toilet rolls but they are not always out so what itaLY : muslim man washes his anus at a public fountain in the street after taking a dump in the alley : mUsLim toiLEt EtiqUEttE : 1 . when going to the toilet , do not touch the private parts with the right hand . ( muslim ) 2 . do not cleanse the private parts with the right hand . ( muslim ) 3 . after relieving oneself , use three stones or three clods of clay . ( muslim ) 4 . when using the toilet , do not face or sit with the back towards the qibla . ( bukhari ) 5 . when intending to urinate , find a suitable place of privacy . ( abu dawood ) 6 . do not urinate in stagnant water ( water that does not flow ) . ( bukhari ) 7 . do not urinate in a bathroom , as many a time due to this , evil temptations are aroused . ( tirmidhi ) 8 . do not stand and urinate . ( tirmidhi ) 9 . do not converse ( with another person ) whilst relieving oneself . ( musnad ahmad ) 10 . do not relieve oneself at riverbanks , roads and shady places where people walk or rest . ( abu dawood ) 11 . recite bismiLLah before entering the toilet , as this will serve as a veil between the jinn and the private parts of humans . ( tirmidhi ) 12 . do not perform istinja with bones or dung . ( tirmidhi ) rELatEd storY : uk muslim chef prepared food after wiping his ass with his bare hands as he doesn t use toilet paper for islamic cultural reasons
enderly park is blistering under an unseasonable september heat , and frank byers saunters across tuckaseegee road to the rec center where he likes to play cards with his neighbors . he doesn t use the crosswalk , but in many ways he s earned
if we have no peace , it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other . mother teresa it is friday night , and 125 friends , new and old , crowd the yard at qc family tree . we are gathered to
the state of oregon told a pair of bakers to make the cake or eat a ruinous fine . and sadly , a federal court agreed . now stop me if you ve heard this before : a same - sex couple asks a local bakery to make a wedding cake . the bakers , who are christians , decline to do so on the grounds that it would violate their religious convictions . the couple , feeling deeply aggrieved , files a complaint . the state civil rights agency finds for the same - sex couple and , in effect , forces the bakers to choose between their faith and their livelihood . if you noticed my use of plural nouns so far , you may have guessed that i m not talking about jack phillips , whose case was recently argued before the supreme court . no , this time i m talking about sweet cakes by melissa , and its owners , aaron and melissa klein . not only did the oregon labor commissioner rule against the kleins , he imposed a ruinous fine on them of 135 , 000 . a fine that high is the commissioner telling the kleins , not only are you wrong , you re evil . you need to be put out of business . the kleins appealed the ruling to the oregon court of appeals , and last month the court upheld the oregon labor commissioner . while the outcome wasn t surprising oregon is a very liberal state after all there are some aspects of the opinion that are worth noting . first is what wasn t said by the court . there were no comparisons to nazis or racists , nor were there were references to jim crow . that separates this ruling from that of a federal judge in telescope media group v . lindsey . that case involved two christian videographers , carl and angel larsen , who challenged parts of minnesota s human rights act that would require them to service same - sex weddings . they sought the right to post a notice on their website about their policy concerning same - sex weddings . the federal district court rejected their arguments and then said that what the larsens were proposing to do was conduct akin to a white applicants only sign . now thankfully , the oregon court of appeals didn t make any such crazy comparisons . unlike the federal court in minnesota , it took the kleins claims to freedom of artistic expression seriously . but its reasoning was tortured . it acknowledged that the kleins imbue each wedding cake with their own aesthetic choices , but then added the strange and nebulous line that the kleins have made no showing that other people will necessarily experience any wedding cake that the kleins create predominantly as expression rather than as food . so for the court , what makes something art is that they are both intended to be and are experienced predominantly ( whatever that means ) as expression . say what this reasoning is nonsensical . last may , a college student from scotland left a pineapple on a table at a museum , and visitors treated it as if it were on display . a year earlier , a 17 - year - old left a pair of glasses on the floor of a san francisco art gallery and people stood around and took pictures of it . the guardian called it a work of genius . so pineapples and eyeglasses can be experienced as art , even works of genius , but a cake specifically designed for the context of a wedding might not be look , the court pulled this standard out of thin air . it was a case of , to borrow a line from lewis carroll , sentence first , verdict afterwards . the court realized that making a cake for an event could definitely be speech , but they couldn t allow this speech or those who made it to prevail , so it created a reason why they shouldn t . the fact that it s impossible to imagine this standard being applied in any other context , or to any other direct speech , only underscores this fact . and as i close , please visit breakpoint . org for a special symposium . hear what folks like os guinness , ryan anderson , mindy belz and others have to say about the challenges facing the church in 2018 . again , that s breakpoint . org . editor s note : aaron and melissa klein are represented by first liberty institute . for up to date information about their case , visit first liberty institute s case page here . sweet cakes by melissa , religious freedom , lose on appeal : art in the eye of the beholder challenges like the kleins faced with local and federal legislature and judiciary are likely to increase in the coming year . read what christians thinkers and leaders have to say about the issues facing the church today ; click here to visit our first symposium of the new year , challenges facing the church in 2018 .
two years ago on breakpoint we told you about a promising young christian football player . on monday , he was the hero of alabama s national football championship win . alabama s stunning come - from - behind ncaa championship victory over georgia was fueled by freshman quarterback tua tagovailoa . in a remarkably humble interview after the game , especially given what he d just accomplished on national television , he said : i would like to thank my lord and savior jesus christ . with him all things are possible . now two years ago , on breakpoint , i talked about tagovailoa s faith back when he was still in high school . here s a part of that broadcast from 2015 : sports illustrated recently told the story of tua tagovailoa , who is considered to be the best high school football player in hawaii . the junior quarterback at honolulu s saint louis high school is drawing comparisons to the school s most famous alum , heisman trophy winner marcus mariota . on the surface the comparison is understandable . besides playing for the same high school , both quarterbacks share a similar style that makes them a threat on the ground and in the air . and like so many great players in hawaii , they share a samoan heritage . and it s this last bit that s the most intriguing and inspiring part of the story , at least for christians . at the heart of the sports illustrated story about tua is his relationship with his late grandfather . it s a story about a christian from one generation passing a spiritual legacy to the next generation . the article is filled with bible verses . it tells readers that the entire tagovailoa clan gathers every evening for prayer and teaching , and to sing a samoan hymn that asks god to be present in everything they do . this is something that tua has in common with his hero , marcus mariota . mariota , as we ve said before on breakpoint , is also a christian whose goal is to go out and show the world that christ lives . football fans have long noted the disproportionate number of samoan players in the nfl and in big - time college football . by one estimate , a samoan male is 56 times more likely to play in the nfl than an american non - samoan . football greats like the late junior seau and troy polamalu are only two members of this illustrious line . less known , and even more important , is the role that christianity has played in the lives of so many of these players and in samoan society as a whole . stories like that of tagovailoa , mariota , polamalu , and former raiders quarterback marques tuiasosopo are a testimony to the extraordinary success that 19 th and 20 th century missionaries had in converting the samoan people to christianity . when the first missionaries from the london missionary society arrived in 1830 , they found that there were already some christians on samoa . in keeping with polynesian culture , it arrived via longboat , probably from places like tonga and tahiti , where wesleyan missionaries had already been at work . western missionaries then built on the samoans attraction to christianity . by 1855 the entire bible had been translated into samoan . and before long , native samoan religion had been replaced by christianity . today , virtually every samoan self - identifies as a christian of some sort . more than 60 percent describe themselves as very religious . prominent samoans frequently refer to samoa as a christian nation . the preamble to samoa s constitution describes samoa as an independent state based on christian principles and samoan custom and traditions . what s more , 91 percent of all samoans agree with the statement that samoa is one of the most religious nations on earth . thus , christianity s influence on samoan life and culture is hard to dispute . this legacy and heritage are on display in stories like that of tagovailoa s . the missionaries who brought christianity to the polynesian world wound up transforming an entire society . now , i ve got no idea whether tua tagovailoa is the next marcus mariota on the field . but what matters is that he seems to be following an even more important samoan tradition off of it . and that is worth celebrating . alabama s big win : tagovailoa s big faith for more on the faith and athletic exploits of tua tagovailoa , check out the article links in our resources section .
a lesson from america s got talent the power of beauty and truth can overwhelm even the most skeptical among us . including the celebrity judges on america s . . read more
madeleine l engle said , stories make us more alive , more human , more courageous , more loving . they also can make us more faithful . when the prophet nathan wanted to bring david to repentance , he didn t cite the law on adultery ; he told the king a story . when jesus wanted to show a lawyer what kind of heart god requires of those who would inherit eternal life , he told the man a parable of the good samaritan . when jewish people think about what it means to be a jew , they return to the stories of god s saving acts in egypt and afterwards . do you sense a pattern here an old proverb says , tell me the facts and i ll learn . tell me the truth and i ll believe . but tell me a story and it will live in my heart forever . as we ve said before on breakpoint , the bible isn t primarily a theological textbook , or even a legal code though it has plenty of both of these elements . no , it comes to us as the grand story of god s working in history . through it , we look back and see what god has done , which enables us to look ahead and see what god will do all while placing ourselves as responsible participants in god s glorious plan to redeem all things . the bible s story of creation , fall , redemption , and restoration has fired the imaginations and strengthened the limbs of countless believers in diverse cultural moments , inspiring them to heal the sick , open the eyes of the blind , found universities , discover the universe s secrets , free the enslaved , cross the oceans , and otherwise follow god s call . that s what the christian story does . and , it encourages us to tell the world our stories about the lord working through his people , and not just the famous ones . it s easy to think well , i m no colson . i m no wilberforce . that s why this year , we re committed to telling the stories of those people of whom you ve never heard . and we could use your help . my colleague , warren cole smith , is spearheading this effort . his new series , named restoring all things after the book that he and i wrote together a few years ago , will highlight the stories of followers of jesus making a difference in their communities and around the nation . in a recent article , warren tells the story of colin pinkney , who runs the harvest center in charlotte , north carolina . colin is the seventh of nine children , and his father abandoned his family when he was just nine years old . fatherhood is the silver bullet , if there is one , colin says . it s clear there is a fathering issue in our nation . colin now has six children himself , and his office bookshelf is filled with volumes on fathering . when he was the president of the pta at his children s school , colin led a seminar on effective fathering , and more than 100 people showed up . now , at the harvest center on charlotte s west side , colin leads a full - time staff of 12 and oversees a budget of 850 , 000 . four thousand people a year get help there . many become self - sufficient . how much government money does colin accept zero , he answers , emphatically . he models his ministry on , you guessed it , a story the one found in john 5 in which jesus heals a man lame for 38 years . before he does so , however , jesus asks him , do you want to be made whole i always think of that story as we evaluate our work , colin says . we re asking tough questions . we have to reeducate this community to a better way than what they ve been receiving in the past . you see , what he s doing is teaching people a different story than what they ve known up to this point . you may know a story that would encourage and instruct the rest of us . if so , please let warren and the colson center know . send your stories to warren s email : wsmith colsoncenter . org . we re eager to hear from you and before i leave you today , i d like to invite you to join a movement whose story continues to be written . the pro - life movement has made incredible strides , and we want you to pray for life this month by joining our annual 21 days of prayer for life . we have a beautiful , free downloadable prayer guide , for you , your family , and your small group . just visit breakpoint . org / 21 days . stories that encourage , inspire , restore : send us yours do you have a story that would encourage , inspire and teach then take a moment to relate that story via email to warren cole smith ( wsmith colsoncenter . org ) . we re eager to hear from you and get involved in the story of the pro - life movement : download our 21 days of prayer for life prayer guide and app . click on the links in our resources section for more details .
the government , the pill , and our daughters so the government wants our daughters to have access to the morning - after pill . the question is , what are we going . . read more
the democratic party sent signals this week that pro - lifers are not welcome in its ranks , making abortion arguably its most . . read more
today we present warren cole smith s fascinating interview with justin reeder , founder of love life charlotte , an organization that unites churches across the charlotte , north carolina area to bring an end to abortion in that city . justin shares how god called him to this work and talks about love life s passion for the unborn , their mothers , and even those who participate in the abortion industry . justin also talks about the amazing answers to prayer the lord has provided and may inspire you and your church to join in god s work to save lives in your community . one way you can help bring about an end to abortion is prAY . please visit breakpoint . org / 21 days and download your free 21 days of prayer for life prayer guide for you , your family , your small group , or your church . we also have a new 21 days of prayer for life app
email password remember me forgot password sign in still no account please go to sign up
by greg and helms jarrell chinua achebe s classic novel things fall apart centers around the life of okonkwo , the powerful leader of his clan and their village , one of nine in the umuofia region of nigeria . okonkwo is a fearsome
senators finally reached a deal to re - open the government on monday , meaning that the days of relative stalemate had come to an at least partial end and federal employees could all return to work . because support staff are now able to return to work , president trump s previously scheduled trip to the world economic forum in switzerland this week is able to proceed without a hitch . cnn is now reporting , however , that the first lady , melania trump , will not be joining him on his trip , even though the administration had previously reported that she would . east wing communications director stephanie grisham cited scheduling and logistical issues as the reason for melania backing out of accompanying her husband overseas . grisham had previously told cnn that the first lady intended to attend the world economic forum in a show of support for her husband , who intends to give remarks during his visit . president trump , for his part , remains a controversial figure in contexts like the world economic forum , having long established himself as fiercely committed to his america first agenda through such means as slapping protectionist tariffs on foreign goods including , most recently , solar panels . vocally anti - trump solar company Now soLar was among the interests to issue a statement criticizing the president s decision , posting that they are devastated to learn trump has imposed a 30 tariff on solar panels virtually killing the solar industry . as the company noted , solar energy industries association president and ceo abigail ross hopper commented that the tariffs will create a crisis in a part of our economy that has been thriving , which will ultimately cost tens of thousands of hard - working , blue - collar americans their jobs . stunningly , the seia states that the tariffs effectively will cause the loss of roughly 23 , 000 american jobs this year , including many in manufacturing , and it will result in the delay or cancellation of billions of dollars in solar investment . the tariffs were imposed after a complaint was filed by the two foreign - owned solar companies suniva and solarworld , and they re just one step in an already long history of the president deciding to go it alone instead of cooperating with our allies and accepting that foreigners aren t all out to get us . trump s protectionist , anti - globalization trade policies are the economic side to his racism , which holds that numerous foreigners pose some kind of existential threat to the u . s . other infamous instances of the president deciding to go it alone include his announcement of his intent to withdraw the united states from the paris climate accord , although it takes more than a belligerent announcement from the president to make that happen . world economic forum president borge brende recently commented to cNbc that trump would do well to remember that you only succeed if others do well too . very pleased to welcome trump to davos : wef president from cNbc . the clashing of brende s and trump s perspectives will no doubt mark the president s time at the world economic forum this week . his past trips overseas have been marked by a similar clash , with him having long insisted including while overseas that the u . s . is doing too much on behalf of our allies and that others should do more . featured image via sauL Loeb / afp / getty images
a winter storm hitting the east coast could easily shatter all - time records in regards to cold temperatures . by the end of the week , we could all be freezing , to say the least . this storm seems to threaten to push literally frigid temperatures as south as northern florida it is what people are referring to as a bomb cyclone . for those who do not know a bomb cyclone is something that comes from a process known as explosive cyclogenesis or bombogenesis . bombogenesis happens when a mid - latitude cyclone rapidly intensifies and drops at least 24 millibars over 24 hours . it seems to have made its way here just yesterday and is not leaving anytime soon . a winter storm is forecast to bring the potential for a mix of freezing rain / sleet / snow from portions of northern fL to sc , and snowfall northward along portions of the mid - atlantic into northern new england . < URL > for the latest on what to expect in your area pic . twitter . com / i4uZauerfj nws ( nws ) january 2 , 2018 i guess you could essentially consider this to be what one would call a winter hurricane . as pressures drop , this storm grows stronger . this extreme weather will be coming in two different parts . to begin with , it will bring about rain , snow , and sleet to the eastern coast of the us . this being from as mentioned above main to northern florida . hearing the word bombogenesis and confused about it here s an explanation and how it relates to the upcoming east coast storm . stay tuned for forecast updates and read our key messages for this storm in our short range discussion : < URL > pic . twitter . com / iwfr3crcnd nws wpc ( nwswpc ) january 3 , 2018 after this is all said and done what many are calling a polar vortex is going to be sweeping south across the region dropping temperatures to as also mentioned above , record - breaking lows . now as i mentioned above this storm hit wednesday and has been causing some intense bitter cold temperatures . according to the national weather service , it is thought that by friday parts of the regions affected there will be at least 4 more inches of snow . all day thursday meteorologists are going to be glued to the new GOes - east satellite watching a truly amazing extratopical bomb cyclone off new england coast . it will be massive fill up entire western atlantic off u . s . east coast . pressure as low as sandy hurricane winds pic . twitter . com / 6 m4s3y75wt ryan maue weather . us ( ryanmaue ) january 2 , 2018 cold temperatures earlier this week have actually left several people dead . reuters has reported at least eight so far and according to the weather channel temperatures in florida s capital were lower than those in anchorage , alaska if you are on the east coast please bundle up and do your best to stay warm featured image via the huffington post .
while many of us may enjoy a bit of sushi here and there , this man took it to another level . sadly , this man ate sushi and sashimi every single day until a massive parasite slithered out of his body . this man was about 30 years old and from fresno california . he was experiencing severe cramps and bloody diarrhea when he decided a trip to the er was in order . the washington post recently did an interview with an emergency physician at the university of california at san francisco who treated this unfortunate man . the name of this emergency physician is kenny banh and boy did he have a story to share . you can click here to hear banh speak on the podcast this won t hurt a bit . hanh said that the man came in wanting to get treated for worms . this man had a bag with some of his worm inside of it . this worm was wrapped around a toilet paper roll and when it was stretched out measured almost 6 foot long when asked how he was able to extract the worm this man told bahn that he was having some problems in the bathroom and noticed a piece of what he thought was intestine hanging out of his bum . he began pulling on it and it just kept coming and coming . while the worm was dead when presented to banh the man claims it was still alive when he was pulling it out . while it is a great relief that the man s intestines weren t hanging out but the idea of a worm inside our bodies definitely is enough to make my skin crawl . now when it came to trying to determine where the man obtained his intestinal friend they determined that it was from eating this raw fish apparently one too many times . that being said , bahn also mentioned there was a warning about parasites in salmon not too long ago sent out by the cDc . now , if anyone is not familiar with tapeworms , they are long flat - worms that consist of segments . they live in our intestines when we have them and they can cause a lot of issues . click here to learn more about tapeworms in general . while it is a bit terrifying , it is important to know when things like this happen . be aware of the things going into your body , just because a restaurant has good food doesn t mean the food is risk - free .
for those who do not know this polar vortex we are currently facing here in the united states is a prevailing wind pattern that circles the arctic , it flows from west to east all the way around the earth . while it normally keeps cold air towards the north pole but sometimes this vortex becomes weak . because that vortex has become weak it is allowing the cold air to pour down across canada as well as the united states . this right in the middle of a bomb cyclone on the east coast has us all pretty damn cold . this deep freeze is similar to the one that caused severe temperatures across eastern us back in winter of 2016 . seems to be a patter more recently now doesn t it this storm itself has drawn several lobes of the polar vortex over the mid - atlantic and northeast , that means that cold air is going to be coming from siberia , the north pole , and greenland to where we are . a bomb cyclone for those who do not know is a storm that drops roughly 24 millibars of pressure over a 24 hour period . and what forecasters are worried about with this one is that the pressure levels could be on the same level as hurricane sandy . a bomb cyclone is essentially a winter ice hurricane , and it is great at pulling cold down from above . even in the first 12 / 28 entry offered , regardless of where this storm tracks , it was quite evident that everYthing pours in behind it . siberia , north pole , greenland . everything . severe cold snap behind this storm . think power may go start planning pic . twitter . com / ye85dphjcw crankyweatherguy ( crankywxguy ) january 1 , 2018 forecasts expect temperatures to be around 20 to 40 degrees below the normal marking this as the coldest winter so far . record cold temperatures will be met this weekend , so it it important to be aware of this and all that this storm has brought our way . the polar vortex is not something to take lightly . please do your best to stay as warm as you can . while the video below is a bit old it does a great job of explaining why we are cold in current times . the bomb cyclone did indeed shake things up causing the polar vortex to affect even us in the united states . as if the bomb cyclone wasn t already enough what do you think about all of this i for one will be staying inside as much as i can .
of course , fast food is convenient and we all love french fries , but we should not be eating the one from here . i know life can be a bit hectic but our health is extremely important . mcdonald s french fries are it seems as a whole our favorite , especially here in the us . this is because mcdonald s manipulates us into eating them . companies like mcdonald s have been profiting off of our ignorance for far too long , and it is high time that we put a stop to it the process taken to create these fries is nothing like you would expect . grant imahara a television star after working on mythbusters seems to now be working for mcdonald s as just a few years ago he starred in the video our food , your questions . this specific video going over exactly how mcdonald s fries are made . while it is not as shocking as some would want it to be i do need to go over a couple things . sure , these fries are made of potatoes , but they are also doused with sodium acid pyrophosphate sodium acid pyrophosphate is an ingredient in baking powders and is added to a lot of things we tend to ingest . things like canned fish and cured meats . with that being said , if we ingest too much of this a loss of bone mineral density , as well as loss of the ability to fully absorb dietary calcium , will become our reality . while it is not easy to gain the amount needed to cause damage it is also not as hard as people say it is . when things are becoming more and more reliant on this and other chemicals our daily intake is bound to increase . overconsuming foods that contain this can lead to severe osteoporosis . higher intakes of phosphorus , in general , have also been linked to kidney disease and an increased risk of cardiovascular disease . you see , the more phosphorus we eat the more our need for calcium rises as well . balance is needed big time . phosphates while in the form mentioned above are not much they can be an issue if you overindulge and let s be honest , we tend to overindulge . mcdonald s sells tons and tons of french fries daily . according to fastcodesign , americans actually consume on average almost 30 whole pounds of french fries per year . don t get me wrong , the food tastes great , but it is not good for us . the more things we continue to put into our bodies without researching them first the more fucked our lives will get . it is long past time for you to take your future into your own hands . please feel free to check out the videos below to see how these fries are made and learn more about the dangers of mcdonald s food . ( image via : quartzla / pixabay )
we have all been on edge for quite some time anxiously waiting to see where all this tension between the us and north korea is going , right most of us have accepted that ww3 might very well be upon us . paul miller , former national security council member supporting the former president george w . bush as well as barack obama is bringing a lot of things to the light in more recent times . he did an interview with express and people everywhere are talking about it . during this interview , miller focused mostly on explaining how a war comparable to ww3 would unfold if it involved nuclear weapons in general . miller says that the first major changes we would notice would be changes that made communicating over the internet or satellite completely impossible . dividing the people is a very important task when it comes to these things . once no one can communicate properly a series of standoff attacks with missiles and bombers would most likely come next . miller said the longer those conflicts carried on the more imminent the nuclear explosions would be . ww3 would be something that happens slowly , not overnight . that being said , even miller himself pointed out that he could be wrong about all of this . miller believes avoiding war is a good idea . miller also believes that the war would not come from north korea but from elsewhere . writing for foreign policy , he said : four years ago , i predicted russia s invasion of ukraine . here s my next prediction , which by now will strike many people as obvious : the baltics are next , and will pose one of president donald trump s first and greatest tests . putin will instigate an ambiguous militarised crisis using deniable proxies , probably in the next two years . perhaps russian - speaking latvians or estonians a quarter of latvians and estonians are ethnically russian will begin rioting , protesting for their rights , claiming to be persecuted , asking for international protection . a suspiciously well armed and well trained popular front for the liberation of the russian baltics will appear . a few high - profile assassinations and bond bombings bring the baltics to the edge of civil war . a low - grade insurgency may emerge . dr . miller added that putin and other russians who see the world through the lens of russian religious nationalism believe the west is inherently a threat because of its degeneracy and globalism . what do you think about all of this who do you think will start ww3 i for one could see it being us easily , especially with how things have been in more recent times . ( image via : pixabay / wikiimages )
as tensions grow , many believe the worst is to come . the cdc really has scheduled a briefing for later on this month to outline just how the public can prepare for any possible nuclear wars to come . most people do not know what they need to do in order to prepare for a nuclear war and being prepared is everything . if you are not prepared you will not last long . most people don t know what they should or shouldn t do and in regards to fallout let s face it we are never going to be prepared enough . while a nuclear detonation is unlikely , it would have devastating results and there would be limited time to take critical protection steps . despite the fear surrounding such an event , planning and preparation can lessen deaths and illness . for instance , most people don t realize that sheltering in place for at least 24 hours is crucial to saving lives and reducing exposure to radiation . while federal , state , and local agencies will lead the immediate response efforts , public health will play a key role in responding . this briefing will be presented by people who specialize in radiation studies and if you have been paying attention to president trump s tweets is something we should have had long ago . in an interview with pbS newshour s judy woodruff , former vice president joe biden said that he agrees with admiral mike mullen s statement that the us has literally nEvER been closer to a nuclear exchange with north korea . he believes nuclear war is almost inevitable and that it will be happening sooner rather than later . he claims there is no easy answer as to how to deal with the issues between the us and north korea and definitely no easy way to relieve tensions . when we engage in activities like let s compare the button , they all for different reasons and different motivations lose confidence in us . they wonder what the hell we re doing . i m worried they then decide they re going to try separate ways to figure out how to do this . this can t be done in a way that doesn t have all the players in the game on the same page and the other thing is you draw these lines and you don t respond , you diminish your credibility and it s just dangerous . if you haven t already begun preparing you should look into doing so . while i am not here to push fear into your heart or mind , it never hurts to be prepared . ( image via : nation of change )
it is in our water and even in our toothpaste and yet we don t pay very much attention to it . fluoride is a very serious problem and it is causing many detrimental health issues whether you want to accept that or not . for those who do not know , fluoride is a known carcinogen and is even listed by the merck index as the primary use being rat and cockroach poison . no , i am not joking , fluoride is truly deadly . the california environmental protection agency s office of environmental health hazard assessment ( oehha ) actually released a document in more recent times titled evidence on the carcinogenicity of fluoride and its salts . this document goes over the very apparent health hazards associated with the consumption of fluoride , their report states as follows : fluoride is the monovalent anion derived from the element fluorine . it is present in many salts , including sodium fluoride and stannous fluoride . when these salts are dissolved in water the free fluoride ion is released . fluoride salts or other compounds that release fluoride ion may be added to drinking water to prevent dental caries . fluoride - releasing compounds are also added for this purpose to a wide variety of dental products including toothpastes and mouthwashes . the public is exposed to fluoride ion by drinking fluoridated water and by using fluoride - containing dental products and treatments . exposure may also occur through naturally present fluoride in foods and beverages , and in some cases by inhalation of fluoride compounds in the air . there are numerous studies in the published scientific literature investigating the potential carcinogenicity of fluoride . the human evidence consists primarily of epidemiological studies ( ecological , cohort , and case - control ) comparing cancer risks in exposed versus unexposed individuals . one ecologic study ( cohn , 1992 ) and one hospital - based case - control study ( bassin et al . , 2006 ) have reported increases in osteosarcomas in young males exposed to fluoride in drinking water . the possibility that chance , bias , inappropriate analyses or confounding played a role in these findings could not be ruled out , however . the animal evidence consists of several drinking water and diet studies conducted in rats and mice . statistically significant increases in rare malignant bone tumors ( osteosarcomas ) were observed in male rats in drinking water studies conducted by the national toxicology program ( ntp , 1990 ) , but not in female rats or male or female mice similarly exposed . a statistically significant dose - related increase in thyroid tumors ( adenomas and carcinomas , combined ) was also observed in this male rat study ( ntp , 1990 ) . these findings were not replicated in a subsequent ntp study in male rats of the same strain receiving a somewhat higher fluoride dose , also via drinking water ( ntp , 1992 ) . increases in benign osteomas were observed in two - year diet studies in male and female cd - 1 mice ( maurer et al . , 1993 ) . however , the possible contribution of retroviral infection reported in the male and female mice to the development of osteomas could not be ruled out . no treatment - related tumor findings were observed in two - year diet studies conducted in male and female sprague - dawley rats ( maurer et al . , 1990 ) . pharmacokinetic studies of fluoride show that fluoride ion is readily taken up and incorporated into bones and teeth of humans and laboratory animals . comparison of fluoride pharmacokinetics between humans and rodents indicates that rodents must be exposed to much higher levels of fluoride in diet or water than humans to achieve the same levels of bone fluoride levels . water fluoridation has been happening for many many years and throughout those years the question of its effectiveness and safety has been brought up on more than one occasion . it is something that you could consider to be highly controversial . there was a study done back in the 1990 s on lab animals that showed there was evidence of cancer - causing potential in fluoridated drinking water . as mentioned above , there was a higher number of cases of bone cancer in the rats drinking it . we are essentially drinking ourselves to death . in his book fluoride , the aging factor dr . john yiamouyiannis wrote as follows : fluoride is a poison it has been used as a pesticide for mice , rats , and other small pests . a 10 - pound infant could be killed by 1 / 100 of an ounce and a 100 - pound adult could be killed by 1 / 10 of an ounce of fluoride . if that isn t enough to get you feeling a bit off about there being fluoride in your water then i don t know what would . one study back in 2005 conducted at the harvard school of dental health actually found a strong correlation between fluoride and you guessed it , bone cancer . sodium fluoride inhibits enzyme activity and paralyzes white blood cells . there are actually around 500 peers reviewed studies going over the adverse effects of fluoride .
for the first time since october of 2013 , a very serious issue has occurred . the us government has literally shutdown . no , this does not mean what most people assume it means , but it is cause for alarm and can turn into a much more sErious issue if something does not give . this shutdown technically occurred on saturday ( midnight ) when congress and president trump failed to reach a deal on funding for federal agencies . democrats had insisted that any bill to renew government funding also contain permanent protection for about 700 , 000 young undocumented immigrants who were brought to the us as children . for those who are not aware just last week , president trump rejected a bipartisan senate deal that would have done exactly that and even given the white house almost 3 billion dollars in new money for immigration enforcement at the borders . just minutes before the funding deal deadline late friday night the white house issued a statement that blamed democrats for the shutdown . we will not negotiate the status of unlawful immigrants while democrats hold our lawful citizen s hostage over their reckless demands . this shutdown became very real when the senate meeting last night blocked a bill to maintain the federal government s funding through february 16 th . the vote was 50 - 49 and needed 60 to vault the bill over that hurdle . currently , it looks like the whole ordeal in itself is a blame game from one to the other as to why this shutdown happened . some have even gone so far as to say that trump was rooting for the shutdown . however , according to politico , trump and schumer were actually quite close to making a deal . democrats are far more concerned with illegal immigrants than they are with our great military or safety at our dangerous southern border . they could have easily made a deal but decided to play shutdown politics instead . weneedmorerepublicansin18 in order to power through mess donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 20 , 2018 this will be called the trumpshutdown . there is no one who deserves the blame for the position we find ourselves in more than president trump . pic . twitter . com / wE3sh9tprU chuck schumer ( senschumer ) january 20 , 2018 cnbc reported as follows on this issue : in remarks following mcconnell s comments , schumer said he was willing to compromise with trump on an immigration agreement and said he thought he had a deal with the president during a white house meeting friday . the senator contended that trump backed off of a possible immigration solution when he faced pressure from conservatives . now all of this problem is because republican leadership can t get to yes because president trump refuses to . mr . president , president trump , if you are listening , i am urging you : please take yes for an answer , he said , adding that the blame should crash entirely on the president s shoulders . while we aren t going to see much change today , but if this is not resolved soon the consequences will begin to show themselves . many government employees will be forced to stay home from work on furlough . state parks and so forth will most likely close and even processing passport applications will be put on hold . while the essentials will not be affected on our country as a whole and the public this will be a huge problem if things continue as they are . anything with outside funding will stay operational and no , the military will not disappear . for more information on this please check out the videos below . this is something we all need to be aware of and regardless of who is to blame it is a problem that needs to be dealt with . i am a bit nervous to see how this whole thing pans out . ( image via : abcnews )
could you imagine waking up in the morgue i for one would be traumatized for life a 29 - year - old prisoner by the name of gonzalo montoya jimenez was found unresponsive in his cell during a morning roll call and had been transferred to a hospital mortuary , literally in a body bag . spanish prison authorities were not expecting what happened next . this man was declared dead by three different doctors before he finally woke up in the morgue . jimenez was serving time for robbery in asturias central penitentiary in north - west spain . he was first seen by two doctors at the prison who just so happened to be on duty and then inspected hours later by a forensic doctor . this meaning he was reported dead and verified as so on three separate occasions . yet , hours before his autopsy was set to begin , pathologists realized they were hearing something strange from within his body bag : snoring . el spanol reported as follows on the matter : the body of prisoner montoya was sent in a closed bag to the institute of legal medicine to perform an autopsy . while from the prison they were in charge of contacting the relatives of the supposed deceased to communicate the news , the body arrived at the place where the autopsy would be done . the surprise - may scula - arrived when forensic doctors [ the pathologists ] began to hear noises coming from inside the bag . montoya was not dead . quite the opposite . the forensics [ pathologists ] proceeded to open the bag and found the inmate still alive . thus , the inmate was transferred to the central university hospital of asturias in an ambulance , reports la voz de asturias . at the end of the day last sunday , montoya was still admitted and escorted by civil guard agents . on the eve of the event , the day of kings , the prisoner was indisposed . as the local press advances , an investigation has been opened to clarify the causes surrounding the resurrection of montoya . there is an investigation underway over this as the lucky man did , in fact , manage to come to before going under the knife . a spokesman for the hospital he is currently staying at has confirmed that he is in intensive care at this point but was not able to comment on his condition . relatives have been visiting him during his hospital stay and are feeling quite odd about the whole ordeal . in time we will know whether proper procedures were followed or not . what do you think about all of this
have you ever seen something or someone you just couldn t explain it seems the people of chicago are experiencing something quite surreal . according to the chicagotribune , there have been an awful lot of mothman sightings in recent times . they say that some people believe it looks like a bat or owl where - as the rest claim it looks more man - like . perhaps even a man in a winged suit of some kind . reports seem to note that the creature has glowing red eyes and that in the presence of this interesting beast they feel a deep sense of overwhelming dread . paranormal researcher lon strickler of pennsylvania told the chicagotribune over the phone that he believed these people were in - fact seeing something . he says that because the descriptions do not all quite match there could be at least two or more different creatures present . there have allegedly been around 50 something sightings of this mothman just in 2017 alone . one of those being a man named john amitrano who worked security at a popular hangout . he told VicE that he saw a flying plane and then something moving somewhat awkwardly underneath that plane . he claims it did not look much like a bat and seemed to look more like a pterodactyl . he said i know what birds and what bats look like . this thing didn t have any feathers or fur , and it didn t fly like anything i ve ever seen . this creature he saw seemed to have a human - like shape and flew in a strange swooping motion up and down . the chicagoreader , a local news source reported that most of these mothman spottings have occurred near lake michigan . that being said , whether you believe there is an actual mothman out there or not , if there is he or she has not been hurting anyone that we know of . some people believe there has to be a logical explanation for these sightings and others are completely convinced that the mothman does exist . what do you think
did you know that your body could become too acidic well , it can and that is a very serious problem . when it comes to our health , we need a balanced
donald trump cast himself as a supposedly amazing deal maker while coming into office , promising to restore america s position in the world , but in reality , he s only caused our position in the world to worsen in the minds of many . instead of the respected leader we once were , under the trump administration , the united states at least its government has devolved into even more of an apparent laughingstock than it was before . a new report from bloomberg outlines just how such has come about in the case of our relationship with the united kingdom . according to the publication , trump hasn t limited his whining about the treatment he receives from the press to his public statements , including those offered on twitter . rather , according to bloomberg , during a phone conversation with british prime minister theresa may last year , trump went so far as to complain to the british leader about the negative coverage of him in the british press . he apparently insisted at the time that he wouldn t be accepting the u . k . s offer of a state visit unless may could assure him that he would receive a warm welcome . may could do no such thing at least without the u . s . president actually changing his public behavior and since then , trump announced that he had cancelled his plans to make a visit to the u . k . , although the visit he cancelled entailed him being on hand for the opening of the new u . s . embassy in the u . k . and wasn t just the ceremonial state visit that he had been offered . additionally , trump made up a reason for cancelling his visit to london that was not even based in reality , claiming that it was because he didn t approve of the obama administration having sold the u . s . embassy in london for peanuts . the obama administration didn t sell the u . s . embassy in london ; that transaction was carried out under the bush administration . london mayor sadiq khan , the first muslim to lead the city , commented on trump announcing the cancelling of his plans to come to london by saying : it appears that president trump got the message from the many londoners who love and admire america and americans but find his policies and actions the polar opposite of our city s values of inclusion , diversity and tolerance . with londoners having chosen to elect a muslim man as their mayor , and trump having long touted the supposed necessity of a ban on muslims from entering the u . s . , why exactly does he think that the people of britain will be fond of the idea of him coming on a state visit remember too , trump ignited fury across the united kingdom when he retweeted anti - muslim posts from a far right radical activist . he responded to criticism by training his twitter sights on pm may , writing that may should focus on the destructive radical islamic terrorism that is taking place within the united kingdom . bloomberg reports that through all of this , the offer of a state visit still stands , but adds that british officials don t expect him to take it up any time soon , or perhaps ever . how incompetent do you have to be to ruin our relationship with the united kingdom featured image via thomas lohnes / getty images
the trump administration has insisted , again and again , that there was no collusion between the trump campaign and russia . despite a disorganized campaign rife with russian - affiliated individuals and criminals , trump has stood firm on this issue . now , it appears the tune may be changing . at a press conference today , sarah sanders let slip that it s possible people in the campaign but not trump colluded with russia . in a tense exchange with maggie haberman of the new york times , sarah sanders was asked what collusion means to the trump administration , and then whether trump speaks for himself or everyone on the campaign . maggie opened her line of questioning with , the president has said repeatedly there there was no collusion between the campaign and russia . do you define what he means when he says collusion is he talking about meetings between officials is he talking about information exchanging hands what does that mean to which sarah sanders responded : i think the accusation against the president is that he had help winning the election and that s simply untrue . the president won because he was the better candidate , because he worked harder , because he had a message that america actually cared about and believed in , and came out in a historic fashion and supported and voted for him . that s why he won . it wasn t because of some made - up hoax that has been created to delegitimize this president . it s because he was the best candidate at the right time that america wanted to see , and that s why he s in the oval office today . it s hard to know where to start with that pile of drivel . first , america voted overwhelmingly for hillary clinton , who won the popular vote by what was truly a historic amount . the only thing historic about donald trump s victory was losing the popular vote by a greater margin than every other winning president who lost it combined and then multiplied by two . there has never been a winner who loses like trump . the next question sanders faced was , does he think the reporting from the intelligence community saying that there was hacking that went on , done by russia , he rejects that no . he s addressed that , but that doesn t mean that he participated in it . i think those are very different things . stating the existence of something happening is very different than having helped make it happen . and you can t conflate the two , and i think oftentimes that s what individuals are trying to do . it s notable here that her statement directly contradicts the first thing she said , which was that trump didn t have help . now she s acknowledging that the russians helped trump , but stating that he didn t cooperate with them or communicate with them or have anything to do with it . of course , that doesn t explain the now - infamous trump tower meeting , multiple meetings with the russian ambassador that trump s flunkies repeatedly lied about , or trump s shady money connections with russia . it doesn t explain why trump publicly called for russia to hack hillary clinton s emails , and it doesn t explain why he refused to enact sanctions even after signing a bill ( passed by a veto - proof majority ) that made it law . it also doesn t explain why donald trump has repeatedly stated that he believes putin over the intelligence community , except when under great pressure . finally , she was asked the coup de grace : does he mean that about himself , or about campaign officials look , i think he s stating for himself and to anything that he would be a part of or know about , or have sanctioned . this reads as yeah , people may have colluded , but trump himself had nothing to do with it . every week , the story changes . it remains to be seen what the truth is , but one thing is for sure : it isn t the trump administration s ever - evolving story . you can watch the press conference in full below . the remarks in question begin at approximately the hour - and - a - half mark : featured image via chip somodevilla / getty images
north america has a compassionate leader - in - chief , he just does not happen to be donald trump . apparently , the u . s . cannot rent canada s prime minister justin trudeau for the next three years , as one person tweeted . yet , it is an idea we release with reluctance . the shooting tragedy in a kentucky high school brought home how badly we need someone like trudeau . the canadian prime minister took a moment to phone the governor of kentucky , matt bevin , to offer his condolences . then , he took another moment to tweet to the people of that great state : i ve spoken with kentucky s govmattbevin to offer condolences on behalf of canadians for today s shooting in benton . our hearts go out to kentuckians , and to all those affected by this tragedy . trudeau offers condolences after the kentucky school shooting , the eleventh one this year . donald trump said nothing , nada , zero , zilch . two students in the western kentucky high school died and many others were injured when a 15 - year - old boy walked in with a handgun . he continued shooting until a sheriff s deputy stopped his massacre . some students remain in critical condition . governor bevin held a news conference after the incident and said the shooter was a student who now faces murder and attempted murder charges . according to the washington post , he said : this is a wound that is going to take a long time to heal and for some in this community , it will never heal . white house press secretary sarah huckabee sanders told reporters in the daily briefing that they had briefed trump on the shooting . she said in a throw - away line that he offered thoughts and prayers for the victims and their families , then she added : the students did exactly as they were trained . everybody at that high school reacted appropriately . she also indicated that the students had recently been trained on how to react to an active shooter in their school . that was not quite the heartfelt message u . s . people were seeking from their leader or even their press secretary . it seems that donald trump missed that in his education , the part where he learned about how to be a leader . it is hard for people to follow someone who appears to not care if they drop dead . senate majority leader mitch mcconnell ( r ) hails from kentucky . he took time to speak about the incident from the senate floor : our hearts are with the entire community in marshall county and our gratitude is with the first responders who rushed into harm s way . students said the shooter made his way to the atrium , where they congregated . baleigh culp said : there was bullets flying everywhere . i ran straight out the door and headed to the highway as fast as i could . the county attorney in marshall county , jeff edwards went to the school after the shooting . he said : to walk in , the backpacks laying around , the phones laying around , going off . . . it s indescribable . i ve been doing this for 25 years . it s not like anything i ve experienced in my life . the gunshot injuries varied in their seriousness . five boys ranging from 15 through 18 were wounded . one of the teenagers had a head wound , another had a chest and abdomen wounds , and a third had an arm wound . too bad , the tweeter - in - chief could not be bothered to lift his phone to sent his expression of grief to the citizens of kentucky . then again , maybe the administration should just hire someone to do compassion . featured images via getty images .
when former secretary of health and human services tom price resigned , the race was on to confirm a new secretary and go through another round of confirmation hearings . on wednesday , the senate confirmed price s replacement alex azar . azar was the executive of eli lilly , and it s important to note he s no friend to cheap drug prices . during his tenure there , drug prices went up significantly . however , he told senators during the confirmation that the cost of medication was too high . the washington post reported : at his senate financing hearing earlier this month , azar testified that prescription drugs cost too much and said that he favors efforts to promote more competition among manufacturers . he doesn t support , however , the negotiation of drug costs within medicare . this is also not his first time serving in the dept . of health and human services . he was deputy secretary during president george w . bush s administration . according to the washington post : wednesday s vote marked the third time that azar has won senate confirmation . early in the george w . bush administration , he was confirmed as hhs general counsel . at the start of bush s second term , he was confirmed again as the department s deputy secretary , a position he held for two years until leaving for the private sector . so , at least the guy has experience maybe according to sen . orrin hatch ( r - ut ) , he was a great pick for the job . i can think of very few others as qualified to take the helm of this very large ship . with experience both on the company side and the government side of health care , he is now only more experienced and knowledgeable . six democrats joined republicans in confirming azar . they included sens . heidi heitkamp , doug jones , tom carper , joe donnelly , christopher coons , and joe manchin . only one republican voted to block his nomination , and that was sen . rand paul ( r - ky ) . back in november , paul went off on azar during his hearing . trump s original choice for sec . of health and human services , tom price , resigned in shame after it was found he had spent around 400 , 000 on trips using private planes . despite his experience , azar has a full plate ahead of him with an ongoing epidemic of opioid abuse , the trump administration s attack on the affordable care act , and the creeping of conservatism into health care . under trump s administration , the conscience and religious freedom division in the hhs office for civil rights was created to protect religious organizations who object to paying for medical services that may infringe upon their religious beliefs . ocr s director roger severino said : for too long , governments big and small have treated conscience claims with hostility instead of protection , but change is coming and it begins here and now . so far , trump has had approximately 100 nominees sent back to him with democrats blocking their nominations . democrats have claimed that several of those nominated were far too inexperienced for the job . sen . tom carper ( d - de ) ) commented : unqualified or controversial nominees will not simply be rubber - stamped by the senate republicans , however , have accused democrats of simply obstructing the nomination process . sen . james lankford ( r - oK ) commented : it definitely violates precedent . that s just a sign of the times that people are looking for a rule to be able to slow the senate down even more that s making a bad situation worse . featured image by win mcnamee / getty images .
we ve all seen how the ascent of donald trump to power has resulted in bigots with even more incendiary viewpoints than his own being seemingly let off the chain and allowed to roam about with more freedom than before . for instance , in perhaps the most infamous example of this , white nationalists , led in part by richard spencer , descended upon a virginia town late last year to protest the city s plans to remove a statue honoring the slaveholder general robert e . lee . that weekend of protests ended with three dead . now , the increased openness with which the trump administration has approached white nationalist causes is rearing its head in a striking and disturbing way . five gop congressmen are reportedly taking a trip overseas this week to meet with the leader of a hungarian political party that , among other things , is known for its parliamentary secretary having calling for the gassing of jews , gays , and roma . the incendiary figure in question with whom the congressmen will meet is tomio okamura , leader of the movement of freedom and direct democracy ( spd ) . the five u . s . congressmen reportedly going on the trip include reps . steve king , andy harris , dana rohrabacher , louie gohmert , and paul gosar . a hungarian news outlet reports that okamura published a press release stating that he and the congressmen will discuss topics of bi - lateral and global importance , including european policy which concerns demographic changes , migration and immigration . ironically , the revelation of this meeting comes in the wake of the debate over immigration policy in the u . s . having reached such a fever pitch that the federal government shut down for three days because democrats didn t want to move forward on a spending measure without ensuring continued protections for the young people protected under the deferred action for childhood arrivals program , which the trump administration has moved to end . among the interests to have so far spoken out against the congressmen reportedly planning to meet with okamura is european media director of the human rights watch andrew stroehlein , who commented of what he called a a trans - atlantic hatemonger hoedown for unscrupulous politicians trying to boost their careers by driving people to fear and despise others : these us congressmen have chosen to meet with tomio okamura who is well known for calling for the banning of islam and external manifestations of islam . the spd s parliamentary party secretary has called for the gassing of jews , gays and roma . i would wonder if the congressmen know who they re meeting with , but then , i see steve king is part of this us delegation . king is known for his own racist statements and open opposition to religious freedom and he s also a fan of other infamous xenophobes in europe , like geert wilders and marine le pen , so this is just par for the course with him , sadly . it doesn t take very long at all to find examples of king s racism , as referenced by stroehlein . in march of last year , responding to a tweet that presumably contained comments from dutch politician geert wilders but has since been deleted , king wrote : wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny . we can t restore our civilization with somebody else s babies . as for okamura s political party , a report came out late last year detailing multiple witness accounts of a drunken sexist tirade from jaroslav stan k , secretary for the party . as hungarian mp marek ernoch described it : he demanded that all homosexuals , roma , and jews should be shot immediately after they have been born . he also verbally attacked the women that were present with gross insults . this is the group that five current members of the u . s . congress are reportedly meeting with this week . let that sink in . the president will no doubt never utter a word against the trip if he hears about it , with his own past chock full of racism and sexism . featured image via tom williams / cQ roll call
donald trump has been in office for just over one year at this point , which is long enough for there to be at least preliminary data about the state of american society under his leadership . trump made bold promises upon coming into office , some of which weren t based in reality , such as his claim that foreign oriented terrorism poses a threat to the u . s . large enough to warrant a racially charged ban on muslims entering the u . s . unsurprisingly , attorney general jeff sessions public stance is that trump has proven remarkably effective in making his promises to make america more secure a reality . he communicated this stance in an article published this week in usa today a news media organization that is , notably , not among the ones continually attacked by the president for supposedly peddling fake news . sessions cast his comments in the context of trump s promise , made during his inaugural address , to end the american carnage supposedly wracking our cities . trump s inaugural address , it s worth noting , was viewed suspiciously by an array of interests for its dark , ultra - nationalist undertones . sessions began his piece published in the usa today : when president trump was inaugurated , he made the american people a promise : this american carnage stops right here and stops right now . it is a promise that he has kept . this sounds great , but there s an almost strikingly obvious hole in both sessions and trump s arguments . sessions issued his piece in the usa today on the occasion of the release of preliminary data from the fBi about violent crime rates in the first half of 2017 , which showed a decrease relative to the year before . as he notes , rates of violent crime plummeted throughout the decades of the modern era , including in most the years of the obama administration , excluding the last two . there is a very good explanation for the uptick in crime in the final years of the obama administration , with the murder rate going up starkly in a few locales , such as chicago , a trend that s slowly but surely being turned around by city leaders . the rate of overall crime continued its overall decline in the final years of the obama administration . sessions argument , though , is that trump is responsible for the violent crime rate decrease , even though that leaves out the fact that it decreased under most of the years of the obama administration as well . without a more detailed analysis , you might as well say that the decrease in violent crime in 2017 had nothing to do with trump at all , seeing as it parallels the decreases in violent crime recorded in other years . sessions wasn t finished , though . he went on to write : trump ran for office on a message of law and order , and he won . when he took office , he ordered the department of justice to stop and reverse these trends and that is what we have been doing every day for the past year . we have placed trust in our prosecutors again , and we re restoring respect for law enforcement . we have invested in new resources and put in place smarter policies based on sound research . claiming that trump ran for office on a message of law and order is short - sighted at best . trump s platform could better be described as brute force , with him seeking to impose his will on the nation s security systems , through such means as a muslim ban and a wall in between us and mexico , no matter what the cost . in spite of these facts , the trump administration continues to push on with the narrative that there was a massively out of control crime rate and that the president has proven to be some kind of pseudo - messianic savior , with administration officials using this narrative as an excuse to push their draconian policies . featured image via alex wong / getty images
the internet is definitely one of the biggest threats to children and teens in the modern day world . it puts their mental health , safety , and innocence at risk and this new facebook trend has parents stressed out of their minds all around the us a new online trend has parents scrambling to make sure their kids are safe . what is it well , it s a new online game called the forty - eight - hour challenge . the game requires the player to pretend to go missing for forty - eight hours and follow a point currency to gain the most amount of points possible . as if the internet wasn t already a terrible threat to kids , you see something like this occur . lee tuttle , charlotte - mecklenburg police department s missing person s investigator , told wsoc - tv : it s just a terrible strain , emotionally , physically on these families . we were talking about it amongst our unit and we all cringed as soon as we heard something like that . it s disturbing because it s something we take so seriously , and for someone to take it as a prank or a joke is very alarming . the game rules require the player to pretend to go missing for forty - eight hours and reappear in two days . the player must not be active on facebook instagram , snap chat , or any other social media platform . the player is also not allowed to notify parents , loved ones , or friends . whenever someone shares a missing persons facebook post , share an update , or reports the person missing the are rewarded points . the point of the game essentially to worry the pants off the parents . the prank originated as a game called game of 72 that was popular across northern europe om 2015 where kids would fake their disappearances for 12 - 72 hours . the daily mail reports that there were children as young a fourteen playing this game i can t imagine being a parent and finding out my kid was playing this kind of trick on me . children often do it in groups or pairs as a dare . many people , especially children , go missing every single day . at any given moment there are over 100 , 000 open missing person reports in the united states . this game is cruel not only for the parents of the players but for the parents of kids who ve actually disappeared . a 12 - year - old girl from hull was reported missing by her grandmother only to return 2 days later . her grandmother now believes that her granddaughter took part in this horrible challenge : she is frightened now and i think she is starting to realize what she has done wrong . she didn t know about this challenge . we told her about it and i do believe her but there are other girls in her school who are on facebook . playing this game only makes it harder for parents , teachers , police officers , and search teams to find kids who are actually missing . if you suspect that your kid might play this game , be sure to make it clear that it is not okay , nor is it a game . it s a serious obstruction of justice and could very well end badly . perhaps the policeman that investigated it lost the chance of finding a real missing person . facebook claims to be looking into the issue the safety of young people on facebook is a responsibility we take extremely seriously and we are awaiting the links to investigate these reports to ensure we are able to take swift action if it is needed . we work closely with safety experts including the Nspcc , the uK safer internet centre , missing people , child net and much more to help young people have a positive experience on facebook , and collaborate closely with law enforcement agencies on issues regarding child safety . please share this with everyone you know . it is high time that we put an end to these horrible online challenges featured image via anon - hQ . outside sources for this article include : anon - hQ , metro . co and daily mail .
this site and the information referenced and herein does not constitute an attempt to practice medicine . use of the site does not establish a doctor - patient relationship . individuals should consult a qualified health care provider for medical advice and answers to personal health questions . while the site attempts to be as accurate as possible , it should not be relied upon as being comprehensive or error - free . the information presented on this web site is not intended to take the place of your personal physician s advice and is not intended to diagnose , treat , cure or prevent any disease . discuss this information with your own physician or healthcare provider to determine what is right for you . all information is intended for your general knowledge only and is not a substitute for medical advice or treatment for specific medical conditions . we can not and do not give you medical advice . the information contained in this online site and emails is presented in summary form only and intended to provide broad consumer understanding and knowledge . the information should not be considered complete and should not be used in place of a visit , call , consultation or advice of your physician or other health care provider . we do not recommend the self - management of health problems . information obtained through awarenessact . com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases , ailments , physical conditions or their treatment . should you have any health care - related questions , call or see your physician or other health care provider promptly . you should never disregard medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read here .
just last week , on christmas morning , children across the country excitedly tore open their christmas gifts revealing toys , electronics , and items from their wish list . for parents that may have included a number of glittery and bedazzled makeup kits from popular retailer claire s , the days that have followed have been filled with outrage , anger , and disgust . after purchasing one such makeup kit rhode island mother kristi warner was concerned about the ingredients that it may have contained . working for the deaton law firm in east providence , she was well aware of the risks of potential contaminants in cosmetics used by all ages and wanted to be safe before allowing her 6 - year old daughter to use the product . packaging up the kit , she sent it to an independent lab in north carolina for in - depth testing . when the lab contacted her with the results she was both shocked and appalled . the test results revealed that the makeup contained tremolite asbestos , a fatal , toxic , cancer - causing material . acknowledging that this could be a much bigger problem with a wide - spread impact warner , along with her boss john deaton , purchased 17 different kits from 9 different states , sending them all to be tested for the contaminant . the results sean fitzgerald of the scientific analytical institute , the scientist responsible for carrying out the testing , discovered the tremolite asbestos in every product tested . warner and deaton spoke with wjar - tV , looking for the media s assistance in sharing the frightening results with other parents . warned stated , the fact that the majority of the products came from the store shelves in the last two weeks means that there are other children being exposed . in response to the test results , claire s issued the following statement on december 22 nd : at claire s the safety of our customers is of paramount importance , and we are passionate about the safety and integrity of our products . we work closely with our vendors to ensure our products are tested and assessed in line with the relevant country regulations and guidelines . as a result of today s inquiry from wjar - tV , we have taken the precautionary measure of pulling the items in question from sale , and will be conducting an immediate investigation into the alleged issues . once we have more information and have the results of the investigation we will take the necessary action . they then released the following updates , on december 27 th : we have retained an independent laboratory to test the cited products in order to determined whether the recent news reports are accurate . in the interim , we have stopped sales of the products and are issuing full refunds to concerned customers . as always , the safety of our customers and products is our top priority . and on december 29 th : the initial results of testing by an independent certified laboratory show that the cosmetics tested to date are asbestos free . out of an abundance of caution , additional testing is underway . we have also confirmed that the talcum ingredient supply is from a certified asbestos free european vendor . we will continue to honor returns for any customers remaining uncomfortable . many parents took to twitter to express their outrage with the situation . while the recent update may claim that the products are asbestos free , their investigation isn t enough to assure a great number of concerned parents that these products are , in fact , safe for their children to use . after all , for this claim to be true warner and denton would have had to purchase the only 17 affected products across the country . many call for further independent investigation , while others are already demanding a class action lawsuit . the full list of products in question can be viewed here .
on wednesday , president trump invited mayors from around the country to a reception at the white house , where he would speak about his ongoing initiatives and policies that his administration has adopted to date . in the midst of his return from davos , switzerland , following on the heels of a three day government shutdown , the president attempted to boast the prosperity and growth that the country has experienced since he assumed office . although various mayors did attend the meeting , a host of democratic mayors declined from accepting the invitation , citing the recent escalation of attacks from the justice department against sanctuary cities around the country . those who declined the reception included new orleans mayor mitch landrieu , new york city mayor bill de blasio , as well as those who directly received letters from the justice department demanding greater compliance with the federal immigration policies . trump addressed those who did boycotted the reception at the beginning of his speech , as he stated that those who decided not to attend were putting the criminal activities of illegal immigrants before the safety and security of their own cities , an attack he so commonly makes . it was my great honor to welcome mayor s from across america to the wh . my administration will always support local government and listen to the leaders who know their communities best . together , we will usher in a bold new era of peace and prosperity < URL > pic . twitter . com / rsv7v7r0dt donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 24 , 2018 during the speech , the president commented on his supposedly landmark accomplishments in lower unemployment rates among minorities , and boasted of having the most regulation cuts of any administration in his first year , a questionable achievement , which may not be as positive as he believes . specifically , he mentioned the immediate increase in jobs after taking office through the building of the dakota access and keystone Xl pipelines , an issue that has caused backlash from environmental activists . responses to trump s attempted claim of a new era of peace and prosperity , as outlined in his twitter post , were rife with ridicule and criticism by social media users : i will not be attending today s meeting at the white house after realdonaldtrump s department of justice decided to renew their racist assault on our immigrant communities . it doesn t make us safer and it violates america s core values . bill de blasio ( nycmayor ) january 24 , 2018 denver doesn t violate federal law , and we won t be intimidated . and on the same day he has the audacity to invite mayors to the wh to discuss infrastructure . no , won t be going to the wh today , better things to do than be part of a photo op for 45 as he threatens cities again . michael b . hancock ( mayorhancock ) january 24 , 2018 my statement regarding the doj ' s letter on immigration laws . pic . twitter . com / 5 gnweakl94 mayor greg fischer ( louisvillemayor ) january 24 , 2018 odds he asked if this " mayor ' s " was coming pic . twitter . com / fZilajinbr danny deraney ( dannyderaney ) january 24 , 2018 the plural of " mayor " is " mayors " . you do not need an apostrophe . if you are going to represent one of the world ' s great nations , you would do well to acquire a better grasp of basic grammar . queenie goldstein ( queenieg2017 ) january 24 , 2018 he wrote this . notice that extra apostrophe that makes him feel smart because punctuation . rick ( fanboyrick ) january 24 , 2018 he has the best grammar . nobody speaks better english , believe me . matthew cesnik ( chez_mate ) january 24 , 2018 this is the second time we ' ve elected a charismatic man with outright dementia who passed his physical exam . reagan was far less along and far less obvious than the current alzheimerspatientinchief pic . twitter . com / trsZ80uhr1 forever logical ( foreverlogical ) january 24 , 2018 day 369 of the hostage situation . evil captor who is usually is keenly aware of how he is perceived , welcomes many hostage leaders who hate him , then departs for world leader meeting , where he is also hated magnificent bitch ( magsbitchs ) january 24 , 2018 you use apostrophes like you try to build walls : in the wrong place and for the wrong reasons . trump ' s ties ( trumpsties ) january 24 , 2018 jeezus , what grade did the person who posted this tweet finish jean theresistance ( jsc1835 ) january 24 , 2018 will your administration als ' o support bas ' ic literacy a first step would be to find someone who can teach you when to use apostrophes ( not apostrophe ' s ) and upper - case letters . truth to power ( challengelies ) january 24 , 2018 it is my great honor to inform you that i am unable to speak to robert mueller under oath because bone spurs . sincerely , cadet bone spurs ( i . e . me , djt senior ) diddled rump ( diddledrump ) january 24 , 2018 " my administration will always support local government and listen to the leaders who know their communities best . " except on marijuana laws , and off shore drilling , and sanctuary cities . bad john brown ( badjohnbrown ) january 24 , 2018 have they told you that you are causing job losses and environmental losses from the solar tariffs that will lose jobs . tushita jones ( jonestushita ) january 24 , 2018 you should be somewhere trying to memorize all 2 , 000 + lies you ' ve told since last year . you will need to repeat them to mueller , or lie ( as usual ) and be charged with lying . worstpresidentever nv resistance ( justmeinlv ) january 24 , 2018 the bully in chief talks about peace , bruh you trippin vincent vega ( vincentvega66 ) january 24 , 2018 hey man , you haven t mentioned hillary in like 2 whole days . are you feeling ok greg shugar ( gregshugar ) january 24 , 2018 featured image by getty images
it was evident that 2017 was one of the worst years on record for natural disasters . whether it was the wildfires that raged through all of california , or the destructive hurricanes that devastated places like houston and puerto rico , it seemed as if each new day brought another threat for natural disasters . among the most significant of these was the aforementioned hurricanes which hit hard in houston , puerto rico , and the u . s . virgin islands , as three massive storms destroyed much of the infrastructure and livelihood of people living in the affected areas . whereas president trump made meager efforts at assisting those in houston , he received significant backlash for his disregard of puerto rico after hurricane irma ravaged the country , knocking out power grids and crumbling homes . the president made his thoughts on the situation blatant , as he repeatedly disparaged the mayor of san juan , yulin cruz , for daring to hold the administration accountable . according to a string of twitter posts put out by trump , cruz was apparently being influenced by democrats to be critical of his administration , and that her leadership abilities were poor . the mayor of san juan , who was very complimentary only a few days ago , has now been told by the democrats that you must be nasty to trump . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) september 30 , 2017 such poor leadership ability by the mayor of san juan , and others in puerto rico , who are not able to get their workers to help . they . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) september 30 , 2017 want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort . 10 , 000 federal workers now on island doing a fantastic job . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) september 30 , 2017 while the current president was using the horrific disasters as a means of garnering support for himself , former presidents banded together to provide aid to the ravaged areas , including houston , the caribbean , and as well as florida after being hit by hurricane irma . titled the one america appeal , all five living presidents launched the initiative after hurricane harvey in houston , and expanded their efforts to the other disaster - stricken regions once the excessive damage was seen . the initiative has since raised roughly 41 million , and included famed donors such as lady gaga , the walton family foundation , the Nfl foundation , and an array of others . oaa has concluded fundraising with over 41 million raised from over 110 , 000 donors assisting hurricane relief efforts in tX , fl , pr and usvi . fmr presidents carter , bush ( 41 ) , clinton , bush ( 43 ) and obama thank each donor who contributed . more info at : < URL > pic . twitter . com / rpdz1n6gzx one america appeal ( americaappeal ) january 24 , 2018 a statement by the initiative said that the money was raised by a total of more than 110 , 000 donors to be distributed to organizations and groups that are on the front lines of rebuilding the impacted regions . according to a chron report , donations from the campaign have been distributed to the houston harvey relief fund , the rebuild texas fund , the florida disaster fund , unidos por puerto rico and the community foundation of the virgin islands . the initiative hit a landmark milestone in late october , when a fundraising concert held at texas a m university in college station was attended by the five former presidents . that night , the relief fund totaled their donations to roughly 31 million . after having amounted their total funds to roughly 41 million to date , the initiative claimed that they will not be accepting any more donations . president trump , despite having shown little respect or support for the people in these regions , lauded the former presidents for having raised such a significant amount of money . after the concert at texas a m , trump published a video message that america will return stronger than before from the hurricanes , making no mention of puerto rico or u . s . virgin islands in his remarks . while some show their fitness for leadership even after leaving a position of power , others show that they were never fit for it in the first place . featured image by getty images
if you are among the many canadians and americans that have been complaining about the incredible cold this winter , experts are saying that it is with
must be a 15 - year - old schoolboy with mental issues or bad upbringing as the media like to speculate . it couldn t be a muslim schoolboy carrying out violent jihad on behalf of islam , now could it ( and we all know what kind of people come from kazakhstan , don t we ) Hint : german media say both the victim and the suspect are german citizens , while the latter also has a passport from kazakhstan . ( and we all know what kind of people come from kazakhstan , don t we ) 15 - year - old pupil at a school in l nen in the western german state of north rhine - westphalia stabbed to death a fellow classmate , aged 14 , early tuesday morning . police said the suspect had confessed to the killing , which sent shock waves through the community . the suspect apparently thought the 14 - year - old victim had cast a dirty look at his mother , police and prosecutors said . ( you mean the mother wearing a bag on her head )
with congress in shambles , an unfit leader at the helm , and a vast array of concerned and upset supporters , it is clear that vice president mike pence has had his work cut out for him in the first year of the trump administration . whether attempting to mitigate the controversies surrounding president trump , or having an active influence in congressional operations , pence seemingly has played a larger role than his recent predecessors , albeit one that has simultaneously been controversial as well . one aspect that has been a recurring task that pence has had to do can be seen in that of breaking ties that have so often come up in the senate since the beginning of the new administration . this is due to a variety of reasons , such as the republicans only holding a slight majority over democrats , senator john mccain s ( r - a . z . ) ongoing leaves due to his battle with brain cancer , as well as the reality that many gop lawmakers are not entirely in line with the radical rhetoric and policy proposals the current administration aims to implement . nevertheless , pence has acted as a saving grace for republicans aiming to get anything by the steadfast democratic senators , as his vote has been a tie - breaker in the chamber for the eighth time since taking the vice presidential role . on wednesday , pence broke a 49 - 49 tie in the senate to confirm kansas governor sam brownback ( r ) as the administration s ambassador - at - large for international religious freedom . the vote , interestingly enough , was the second one in the same day for brownback , as pence also had to end the debate on the governor s nomination earlier on wednesday . with senator bob corker ( r - t . n . ) in davos for the world economic forum , and senator john mccain ( r - a . z . ) on another leave due to his medical issues , the senate is essentially gridlocked until one of the two senators return . this is the infamous homophobic bigot that pence just broke a tie to confirm as the Us " religious freedom " ambassador . < URL > steve silberman ( stevesilberman ) january 24 , 2018 with the vote regarding brownback split directly down the middle along party lines , democrats made it clear why they vehemently opposed voting for him as the ambassador for religious freedom . according to a washington post report , president donald trump s selection of brownback for the state department post had come under fire from senate democrats and Lgbt rights groups . during his confirmation hearing last year , brownback declined to unequivocally declare there is no situation that would allow a country to cite religious freedom as the basis for criminally prosecuting Lgbt people . just a reminder that brownback is the guy who called same - sex marriage " a vast , social experiment " and warned it would " drive the marriage rates down . " but hey , let the guy run a state dept office in 2018 . < URL > jennifer bendery ( jbendery ) january 24 , 2018 america has always been about freedom , fairness and opportunity for all . that should be our message to the rest of the world but sam brownback won ' t deliver it and advance the cause of LgbtQ equality . sen . tammy baldwin ( senatorbaldwin ) january 24 , 2018 senator bob menendez ( d - n . j . ) claimed that he cannot support his former colleague in this role , due to the fact that his record on all religious beliefs is faulty , and that brownback may focus primarily on protecting christian minorities around the world , as opposed to people of all faiths . brownback , who was elected to the senate in 1996 and left in 2010 upon winning the gubernatorial election in his home state of kansas , is a devout catholic and was viewed as one of the more heavily conservative members of the senate during his tenure . democrats argue that his confirmation in the forthcoming role would be detrimental to religious minorities not of the christian faith , given the extreme mentalities brownback embodies . featured image by getty images
donald trump really loves taking credit for the accomplishments of others . if you think about it , that s his entire brand . aside from the couple of buildings which he actually owns , his business is putting his name on buildings built by other people in licensing deals . so it should come as no surprise when he attempts to take credit for the economic accomplishments of barack obama . president obama , who passed a stimulus package which saved the economy after the disastrous years under bush , built an economy that grew every single month for seven years straight , a trend which continues today . trump , who called the economic numbers fake right up until he started claiming responsibility for him , can t accept that . today , he tweeted out , will soon be heading to davos , switzerland , to tell the world how great america is and is doing . our economy is now booming and with all i am doing , will only get better our country is finally winning again here s the tweet : is now booming that s weird , because according to the numbers , trump has managed to do nothing but slow down an economy that was already booming : also , the last time republicans cut taxes for the extremely wealthy , they crashed the economy . trump is just like bush , but with the criminality of nixon . this entire presidency is stupid watergate . americans on social media were quick to hold trump accountable for his delusional statement : like most of his overseas trips , trump will undoubtedly embarrass our nation and himself ( not that he feels shame ) . the end of this criminal administration cannot be hastened enough . featured image via chip somodevilla / getty images
when donald trump announced his candidacy for the presidency , there were whispers of his being the most racist candidate in recent history . much has been made of his feelings towards black and hispanic populations both in the u . s . and abroad . trump took heat for calling african countries shitholes , for declaring that haitians all have aids , for not knowing that all welfare recipients aren t black , for suggesting that nigerian immigrants all live in huts , for saying that mexican immigrants are mostly criminals and rapists , and for implying that all black people are lazy ( see more exhaustive lists here and here . ) what s not been explored as fully is trump s role in the rise of hatred towards jewish people . many people assume that , because the united states won world war ii and destroyed nazi germany s institutionalized targeting of jews , antisemitism was defeated in the 1940 s . but it is becoming impossible to ignore that antisemitism is alive and well in the united states today . in modern america , hatred towards jews is veiled in a specialized language that may escape the notice of most citizens . you may have heard trump and his surrogates using terms like globalist . this is a coded way of referencing the influence of jews . historically attacked throughout thousands of years , jews became the target of caricatures , and were falsely represented as shrewd business people who pulled financial strings . stereotypes of jews were often tied to money , portraying jews as rich , yet stingy . since laws in the middle ages forbid christians from practicing moneylending , the main loan providers were jews . because of this , the connection between jews and business was strengthened . when analyzing the popularity of this term , google trends show that the month trump declared his candidacy , searches for globalist soared and hit the highest numbers ever . the average searches for this term never relaxed back to pre - trump averages . just look at random people on twitter embracing this ridiculous racist language : there are masonic halls in almost every town where i live . it amazes me how little people know about this group that works with zionism to manipulate and steer humanity into the jew globalist hands . punishedrealist ( progenitor_red ) january 23 , 2018 the jew , like any parasite , adapts . the jew embraces liberalism to push their globalist agenda and when the tide turns against liberalism , they embrace free market conservatism and make trillions on wall street to fund their satanic plans waiting for the tide to turn once again . kara von und zu eltz ( kvonundzueltz ) january 17 , 2018 where does trump fit into all of this to some , it s surprising that donald trump could accused of racism against jews , as his beloved daughter ivanka converted to judaism to marry jared kushner . but in reality , it s likely that trump allowed this hatred to find a foothold in his campaign due to his penchant for quickly categorizing people based on their heritage . in fact , according to the washington post , one of his employees recounted that he heard trump talk specifically about jews : i ve got black accountants at trump castle and trump plaza . black guys counting my money i hate it . the only kind of people i want counting my money are short guys that wear yarmulkes every day . in 2013 , trump took a swipe at jon stewart : i promise you that i ' m much smarter than jonathan leibowitz i mean jon stewart thedailyshow . who , by the way , is totally overrated . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) april 24 , 2013 during his run for office , he addressed the republican jewish coalition s candidate forum : trump has surrounded himself with staffers and advisors very comfortable with antisemitic dog - whistles . the most glaring example of this is steven bannon . he officially joined the trump campaign in august of 2016 , and his influence was quickly felt . he quickly took aim at trump s son - in - law , jared kushner . as reported by the daily beast , bannon made it clear at the start exactly where he stood on kushner : cuckservative , a portmanteau of cuckold and conservative , has become a favorite slur on the right , used like a sexually and racially charged version of rino , a republican in name only . globalist is a term typically used by nationalist , pro - trump right - wingers against political opponents ; however , the term has also come under fire for at times carrying anti - semitic tones . ( kushner is jewish . ) bannon also used intermediaries to attack kushner on t . v . in the bombshell book fire and fury by michael wolf , bannon sheds more light on the treatment of kushner in the white house . according to vanity fair , bannon asserts that : wolff said bannon described ivanka as dumb as a brick , and says that trump placed middle east peace within kushner s broad white house portfolio because his family , longtime israel supporters , knew all the crooks in the country . as reported by newsweek , this reading of the tensions in the west wing was bolstered by testimony from henry kissinger : [ he ] described the atmosphere in the white house as a war between the jews and the non - jews . kissinger told wolff that trump and former chief strategist steve bannon were often at odds with trump s jewish family members , jared kushner and ivanka trump . wolf goes on to explain why trump would trust kushner with the monumental task of middle east peace : for trump , giving israel to kushner was not only a test , it was a jewish test , wolff wrote . the president was singling him out for being jewish , rewarding him for being jewish , saddling him with an impossible hurdle for being jewish and , too , defaulting to the stereotyping belief in the negotiating powers of jews . more details from the white house are sure to become public as more administration members begin to speak up regarding the unhealthy dynamics in trump s west wing . featured image : afp contributor / getty
one of donald trump s favorite war cries is fake news it s definitely something the american public won t forget anytime soon . with trump s constant insistence that the fake media is out to sabotage his administration , you would think he d be totally cool with educating the public on real news vs . fake news . however , business insider reported wednesday that america will not be joining several other countries in an initiative that would examine if teenagers could identify fake news or not . us education authorities decided not to include a global competence test developed by the organisation for economic co - operation and development ( oecd ) , in standardised tests used to compare education systems around the world . other countries who have refused to join in the initiative are belgium , japan , and england . so , why has america refused to join in a spokesperson at the dept . of education commented : we consider it to be an important innovation , but we want to allow it time to develop and crystalize into an operationalized assessment with a solid empirical foundation to validate its technical stability . while americans talked about technical stability , the uk s dept . of education commented its students were already taught respect and tolerance . all schools are already required to teach pupils to have a mutual respect and tolerance of those of different faiths and beliefs , so in order to not place additional burden on them , we will not be taking part in this smaller scale global competence assessment . one aspect the test would examine is the ability of teens to resist extremism . in all honesty , in a trump america , republicans and trump want people to believe extremist lies from the far - right . making sure that children are blind to the propaganda they put out is vital to keeping the public uninformed and voting for people like trump . with someone like betsy devos leading the dept . of education , it shouldn t be surprising that the government would opt out of such a test . along with not wanting to educate the children of america , they don t want to suffer the embarrassment when the test results come out that brainwashed parents have brainwashed their children into believing absolute crap . trump may stand on a stage and promise he s fighting fake news and that the fake media outlets are out to get him ; however , he s the perpetrator of fake news . he consistently tells lies regularly . earlier in january , trump made the outrageous claim that the suspect in a new york city terror attack in 2017 brought 22 to 24 people through chain migration . politifact rated that as completely false . but , trump is , of course , going to tell such a lie that has nothing to back it up . he has to have the american people believe the rhetoric to further his xenophobic agenda and further his muslim travel ban . this may not be surprising , but it is beyond disappointing . the future of america is in our children , and it s on us to teach them well . seeing where they stand on a standardized test would help america see what it needs to do to prevent the spread of misinformation . featured image by tim boyle / getty images .
it is in our water and even in our toothpaste and yet we don t pay very much attention to it . fluoride is a very serious problem and it is causing many detrimental health issues whether you want
attention , forward to president trump : bombshell breadcrumb from judge anna von reitz urgent public message of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next attention forward to president trump ; bombshell breadcrumb from judge anna von reitz urgent public message published by jaywill7497 everybody needs to wtfu pay attention . a year ago on january 20 , 2017 , president trump took his oath of office . an office in the territorial government is a public trust . trusts will not become law for a year and a day . his office , his trust , would ve turn into law on january 21 st of this year - but that did not occur , due to the fact chuck schumer counterfeited to shut down the government for 3 days at exactly the critical moment . this is known as breaking the continuity of the evidence . because of this , nothing that president trump did throughout his whole first year in office , all the laws and executive orders and directives he signed from a technical perspective , did not cure . right now , possibly he did this to himself due to the fact he wished to void out mistakes made in the course of the first year of his presidency , or , far more probable , the dems found their opportunity to win by technicality and are machiavellianing to circumduct everything he has done and everything he will do this coming year and after just by sitting back and not revealing to him that his office never cured . these are extremely devious , incredibly skillful , pretty evil men he is engaging with , folks who have been educated in the black arts and ecclesiastical law . he absolutely is contesting with evil in high places , so it is critical that the good witches and white hats encompass him and educate and alert him and safeguard him , just as i am doing by composing this tickler currently . to attempt to counter this , he has to re - take his oath of office , re - do the issues he wishes to stick - re - sign legislation , re - issue executive orders , etc . - and start the whole timeline once more , being certain that his office cures and is not disrupted by any more skullduggery for 12 months and 1 day . afterwards , his work will stand and his term will operate and there will not be anything at all that anyone can say or do in opposition to it . and today you all fully understand why democrat chuck schumer sprang out to shut down the government for 3 days for no reason . source : < URL > got a tip or a rumor contact me here . the establishment continue to push forward in their attempt to shut down the alternative press that is rapidly growing and pushing out the faltering mainstream media . as the eu demands social media sites censor fake news and reddit , facebook and other sites begin blocking fusion laced illusions and other alternative media it is now alarmingly evident that their truly is a war on free speech . copyright disclaimer : citation of articles and authors in this report does not imply ownership . works and images presented here fall under fair use section 107 and are used for commentary on globally significant newsworthy events . under section 107 of the copyright act 1976 , allowance is made for fair use for purposes such as criticism , comment , news reporting , teaching , scholarship , and research . read also : releasethememonow : yeah about that what you need to know ( videos ) q public intelligence : shutdown breakdown ( video ) q announces tendarkdays : don t be afraid of the dark ( video ) uranium one indictment unsealed , hawaii false flags and a chess game ( video ) democrats and republicans want government shutdown to distract from trump s draining of the swamp ( video ) spread the word like and share this article or leave a comment to help direct attention to the stories that matter . and subscribe to stay connected with fusion laced illusions content request reprint or submit correction to jaywill unseen . is
brazil more than a dozen people are injured and at least one child has been killed after a car plowed into a crowd in brazil s rio de janeiro . according to local media , the driver attempted to escape but was detained by citizens who attempted to beat him until police intervened . the incident took place along copacabana beach . officials say an infant was killed and multiple children are in critical condition . a witness told globonews , chairs flew , we did not realize it was a car until [ ] we saw people lying on the floor . there was a [ injured ] baby , she said . it was very fast , [ the car ] came very fast . it was strange , because the traffic was very slow . video from the scene showed the horrific aftermath . breaking : video of scene after a car crashes into a crowd injuring at least 15 people in rio de janeiro , brazil . pic . twitter . com / 3 fzfezqky7 pm breaking news ( pmbreakingnews ) january 19 , 2018 motorista invade cal ad o de copacabana e deixa feridos no rio < URL > g1 pic . twitter . com / vpjp1oHrdu g1 ( g1 ) january 18 , 2018 the driver , identified by local media as antonio de almeida anaquim , told police he blacked out after suffering an epileptic seizure . police do not believe the incident is terror related but said the investigation is ongoing .
we know what you want us not to say , but we are saying it loud and clear anyway don t want to show your face don t expect to get your welfare check . or your food stamps . or your healthcare . or any of the other other free taxpayer - funded entitlements you feel are coming to you . muslims are [ ]
in recent years , the number of hate crimes against nearly all minority races and cultures in the united states has increased dramatically , as white supremacists have emerged from the woodworks . the sheer magnitude of the racial violence against african - americans , muslims , hispanics , jewish citizens , and many minority groups has shed light on the fact that racism is still alive and abundant in america , despite the perceptions that such hateful actions were on the wane . earlier this month , 19 - year - old blaze bernstein went missing from orange county , ca while visiting his family over the holiday break . bernstein , a student at the university of pennsylvania , had been planning to meet with a former classmate of his , 20 - year - old samuel woodward . woodward is believed to have picked up bernstein from the home of his parents on january 2 nd , before driving together to a nearby park where bernstein s body would ultimately be found , buried in a shallow grave . bernstein s body had more than 20 stab wounds when found . according to a report by the los angeles times , a law enforcement source said that woodward told investigators bernstein kissed him on the lips while they were sitting in a parked car jan . 2 . the sources said woodward told authorities that the kiss was unwanted and that he pushed bernstein away , adding that he wanted to call him a faggot . authorities are now looking into the case as a potential hate crime , after finding indications of the suspect s support for white supremacist and neo - nazi ideals through his online activity . woodward had posted fundamentalist and extremist rants supporting white nationalism on fringe websites , as well as having a photo in which he had pretended to stomp a friend s skull against the curb . the photo is indicative of the infamous murder scene in the film american history x , which follows the horrific story of a neo - nazi extremist . a gay jewish man is dead because our society privileges the free speech of fascists over the safety of marginalized folks . blazebernstein < URL > megillah guerrila ( itsbensiegel ) january 23 , 2018 woodward s online activity spanned a wide range of other similarly hate - fueled beliefs , such as his support for the confederate flag , and a supposed desire to learn waterboarding . in another instance , a user on one of woodward s frequented sites and claiming to be close to the suspect stated that homophobia and anti - semitism were trademarks of his beliefs . on wednesday of this week , woodward appeared in court dressed in an orange jail jumpsuit as the judge ordered he be held without bail , until the arraignment takes place on february 2 nd . the 20 - year - old man is currently being charged for murder , with the potential of additional charges to follow . specifically so , this would include the personal use of a knife in committing the murder , which would bring his maximum sentence to a range from 26 years or life in prison , depending on the outcome of the case . the crime sheds light on the discrimination and violence faced not only by members of any minority group in the country , but most prominently the challenges faced by those in the lgbtQ community . bernstein s parents issued a statement after these potential motives were identified , stating that they will not only be shedding a tear for their own son , but also for any other lgbtQ individual that has to live with such fear from violence . featured image by getty images
as an ex - muslim , kassam is particularly perplexed at the large number of non - muslim citizens who were fooled into voting for him . just imagine what they ll elect when there is a muslim majority in london .
we appreciate your help click here to donate cateGOries cateGOries select category 9 / 11 censored allen west cair nazis children donald trump enemywithin - america enemywithin - foreign halal slaughter islam and the jews islam in america islam in public schools islam nOt islamic britain islamization of the west islamObama islamomania jihad this just the facts laughing at islam military stories muslim animal abuse muslim hate hoaxes muslim invaders muslims against islam muslims vs muslims never hire a muslim persecution of christians pro - america muslims religion of hate say what uncategorized women
isn t that the best kind of muslim student organization why do they think they are entitled to a special room let them pray in the toilet or in their dorm room . cair an over - the - hill muslim college student is upset that the university does not have a dedicated space for muslims to pray . and now , cair has filed a formal complaint with the michigan department of civil rights on behalf of this questionable muslim student who alleges the college denied him and other muslim students access to a muslim student organization . the aging student , who attends wayne county community college district , reports having applied with several other students to have a muslim student organization at the college . after submitting the application , they were told that the administration had started its own muslim organization that was being run by one of the school administrators who is not muslim . requests for the student organization to be turned over to muslim students on campus were either ignored or rejected . it is inconceivable that a religious student group would exclude the very students it was intended to benefit , said cair - mi staff attorney amy doukoure .
can we feel that there are human beings , very close to us , created in god s image , who are being buried if we cannot , perhaps we need to be silent and attentive in order to listen to their stories of suffering due to spiritual , social , economic , and / or physical conditions that are foreign to us .
in the new york times , mr . trump told maggie haberman that he willing to testify under oath to special counsel robert mueller . trump said : i m looking forward to it actually . he went on to say : here s the story , just so you understand . there s been no collusion whatsoever . there s been no obstruction whatsoever , and i m looking forward to it . trump hasn t stopped playing his usual childish games . haberman tweeted this on monday afternoon : potus , obsessed with clinton still , asked me in response to my q about under oath whether she did to the fbi . he doesn t seem to know that lying to the fbi even without being under oath is a crime . perhaps flynn can tell him . not long after haberman posted her tweet , cnn posted footage that supports haberman s claim that trump is still obsessed with clinton . in the video , trump tells reporters : you people won t say this , but i ll say it . i was a much better candidate than her . i was one of the greatest candidates . president trump brings up hillary clinton during a meeting with reporters : you people won t say this , but i ll say it . i was a much better candidate than her . i was one of the greatest candidates < URL > pic . twitter . com / l6hylhdtio cnn ( cnn ) january 24 , 2018 mr . trump is increasingly worried about hillary clinton these days and absolutely determined to make everyone believe that he s the better candidate . he is insanely concerned with whether hillary testified or not , and wants to frame all of his actions in terms of what hillary did or didn t do . according to the new york times : the president s surprise exchange with about 20 reporters served as a reminder of the extent to which mr . trump sees the russia inquiry as simply an invalidation of his electoral victory , and feels a deep sense of bitterness about the narrative surrounding his presidency . by the way though , hillary did give a voluntary testimony before fbi investigators in june 2016 regarding the email scandal , but was not under oath for this which is typical in these types of sessions . she also gave a marathon testimony before the house select committee on benghazi , and endured 11 hours of being grilled in a republican witch hunt . just from observing trump s mental stamina in recent months , this doesn t seem like something he could actually endure . according to the los angeles times : among republicans , benghazi has become a watchword on the campaign trail an almost all - purpose label for sins of both omission and commission that gOp voters perceive in the former secretary of state s record . democrats are equally convinced that the committee provides an example of republican unfairness and excess . the committee s democratic members made more than a dozen references to the panel s 4 . 7 - million price tag , saying that the gOp was wasting taxpayer money in an effort to harm clinton s campaign . w trump continues to try to deflect his mounting problems on to hillary , but it is not going to help him for long . what really matters here has nothing to do with whether or not hillary clinton ever testified about benghazi , her emails , or any other matter . what matters is what mr . trump did or didn t do in relation to russia interfering in the 2016 election , and regardless of whether he is under oath , lying to the fbi is a federal offense . as haberman mentioned , his buddy , former national security director michael flynn , knows this . this is what twitter had to say in response to maggie haberman s tweet : featured image by araya diaz / wireimage via getty images
welcome to 2018 , where the white house is occupied by a man who has publicly lied thousands upon thousands of times in the past year alone and where , concurrent to that obsessive lying , he and his allies are attempting to get federal investigators off his back no matter what the cost , even though he s supposedly completely innocent , and so has nothing to lose by not making a big show out of everything . the gop s efforts to bend the nation s justice system to their wishes don t stop with trying to discredit and end the russia investigation ; they also remain infuriated that hillary clinton was never charged with a crime for her supposedly reckless handling of classified information while secretary of state . considering this , it s no surprise that republicans have jumped on the idea that some sort of secret society to organize opposition to the president has operated at the fbi . republicans got their idea from a text message leaked from the conversations of agents lisa page and peter strzok , who have been revealed not only to have carried on with an extramarital affair but also to have harbored deep anti - trump sentiments like so many of the rest of us , of course . these anti - trump feelings were made obvious in their text conversations , having been discovered during the course of an internal bureau investigation into the handling of the clinton email investigation . at the time of the messages discovery , strzok still served on the team of special counsel for the russia investigation robert mueller , but he s been reassigned . to say that such doesn t take care of the issue to republicans satisfaction would be an understatement . the collective party s leadership is aghast that anyone in the nation s justice system could hold any personal political opinions that aren t perfectly in line with their own . on monday speaking on fox news , texas gop congressman rep . john ratcliffe relayed the supposedly incendiary information that he d become privy to , saying : we learned today about information that in the immediate aftermath of [ trump s ] election , that there may have been a secret society of folks within the department of justice and the fbi to include page and strzok that would be working against him . i m not saying that actually happened , but when folks speak in those terms , they need to come forward to explain the context with which they used those terms . check out some of ratcliffe s comments about the matter offered this week on fox below . according to numerous sources with at least one outlet having the apparent actual text it s not at all indicated that there was an actual secret society at work in the fbi in clinton s favor and against trump at any time before or after the 2016 presidential election . the text , apparently sent from page to strzok the day after trump s surprise election victory , reads : are you even going to give out your calendars seems kind of depressing . maybe it should just be the first meeting of the secret society . would someone who actually had a secret society speak of it in such a way come on , now , republicans , this is getting nutty even for you guys . on tuesday , wisconsin gop senator ron johnson made the wild claim that he had an informant telling him information about secret off - site meetings involving members of the fbi and the gop before saying wait maybe not the next day . on wednesday , johnson said : all i said when i read that , it didn t surprise me , because , you know , we are the committee that whistle - blowers come to to talk about all kinds of problems throughout the federal government i , you know , i have heard , you know , from somebody who has talked to our committee , that there there is a group of individuals in the fbi that was holding secret , off - site meetings . the fbi no doubt holds numerous secret , off - site meetings on a regular basis . in short , the furor over this supposed secret society is likely to go the way of the numerous other gop conspiracy theories , all while special counsel mueller continues his investigation whether the gop likes it or not . he may soon interview none other than president trump himself . featured image via mark wilson / getty images
this is the surface of a giant star , 350 times larger than the sun headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next when it comes to looking beyond our solar system , astronomers are often forced to theorize about what they don t know based on what they do . in short , they have to rely on what we have learned studying the sun and the planets from our own solar system in order to make educated guesses about how other star systems and their respective bodies formed and evolved . for example , astronomers have learned much from our sun about how convection plays a major role in the life of stars . until now , they have not been able to conduct detailed studies of the surfaces of other stars because of their distances and obscuring factors . however , in a historic first , an international team of scientists recently created the first detailed images of the surface of a red giant star located roughly 530 light - years away . the study recently appeared in the scientific journal nature under the title large granulation cells on the surface of the giant star gruis . the study was led by claudia paladini of the universit libre de bruxelles and included members from the european southern observatory , the universit de nice sophia - antipolis , georgia state university , the universit grenoble alpes , uppsala university , the university of vienna , and the university of exeter . the surface of the red giant star 1 gruis from pionier on the vlt . credit : eso for the sake of their study , the team used the precision integrated - optics near - infrared imaging experiment ( pionier ) instrument on the eso s very large telescope interferometer ( vlti ) to observe the star known as gruis . located 530 light - years from earth in the constellation of grus ( the crane ) , 1 gruis is a cool red giant . while it is the same mass as our sun , it is 350 times larger and several thousand times as bright . for decades , astronomers have sought to learn more about the convection properties and evolution of stars by studying red giants . these are what become of main sequence stars once they have exhausted their hydrogen fuel and expand to becomes hundreds of times their normal diameter . unfortunately , studying the convection properties of most supergiant stars has been challenging because their surfaces are frequently obscured by dust . after obtaining interferometric data on 1 gruis in september of 2014 , the team then relied on image reconstruction software and algorithms to compose images of the star s surface . these allowed the team to determine the convection patterns of the star by picking out its granules , the large grainy spots on the surface that indicate the top of a convective cell . this was the first time that such images have been created , and represent a major breakthrough when it comes to our understanding of how stars age and evolve . as dr . fabien baron , an assistant professor at georgia state university and a co - author on the study , explained : this is the first time that we have such a giant star that is unambiguously imaged with that level of details . the reason is there s a limit to the details we can see based on the size of the telescope used for the observations . for this paper , we used an interferometer . the light from several telescopes is combined to overcome the limit of each telescope , thus achieving a resolution equivalent to that of a much larger telescope . artist s impression of the earth scorched by our sun as it enters its red giant branch phase . credit : wikimedia commons / fsgregs this study is especially significant because 1 gruis in the last major phase of life and resembles what our sun will look like when it is at the end of its lifespan . in other words , when our sun exhausts its hydrogen fuel in roughly five billion years , it will expand significantly to become a red giant star . at this point , it will be large enough to encompass mercury , venus , and maybe even earth . as a result , studying this star will give scientists insight into the future activity , characteristics and appearance of our sun . for instance , our sun has about two million convective cells that typically measure 2 , 000 km ( 1243 mi ) in diameter . based on their study , the team estimates that the surface of 1 gruis has a complex convective pattern , with granules measuring about 1 . 2 x 10 8 km ( 62 , 137 , 119 mi ) horizontally or 27 percent of the diameter of the star . this is consistent with what astronomers have predicted , which was that giant and supergiant stars should only have a few large convective cells because of their low surface gravity . as baron indicated : these images are important because the size and number of granules on the surface actually fit very well with models that predict what we should be seeing . that tells us that our models of stars are not far from reality . we re probably on the right track to understand these kinds of stars . an illustration of the structure of the sun and a red giant star , showing their convective zones . these are the granular zones in the outer layers of the stars . credit : eso the detailed map also indicated differences in surface temperature , which were apparent from the different colors on the star s surface . this are also consistent with what we know about stars , where temperature variations are indicative of processes that are taking place inside . as temperatures rise and fall , the hotter , more fluid areas become brighter ( appearing white ) while the cooler , denser areas become darker ( red ) . looking ahead , paladini and her team want to create even more detailed images of the surface of giant stars . the main aim of this is to be able to follow the evolution of these granules continuously , rather than merely getting snapshots of different points in time . from these and similar studies , we are not only likely to learn more about the formation and evolution of different types of stars in our universe ; we re also sure to get a better understanding of what our solar system is in for . further reading : georgia state university , eso , nature the post this is the surface of a giant star , 350 times larger than the sun appeared first on universe today . source : < URL >
haitian detainees are captive capital for private prison corporation when they cannot make more money out of us , then they deport us quickly . my first trip to the geo group s adelanto detention center , the privately - run prison facility located deep inland in southern california s san bernardino county , was to meet with a haitian asylum seeker , mr . clement . [ 1 ] mr . clement had entered the u . s . from mexico and had been in detention for nine months . earlier that summer , he participated in a hunger strike that brought together central american and haitian asylum seekers demanding better treatment in adelanto . it was through this strike that he and some of the other detained haitian men had garnered some attention . and through a series of legal and activist connections connections stretching from local immigration rights organizers through florida , haiti , and back to los angeles i heard of mr . clement and faced , for the first time , the travesty of detention for haitian immigrants and asylum seekers in southern california . haitian immigrants and asylum seekers are a growing population within detention centers all over the u . s . southwest . numbers vary , but there are estimates of thousands of noncriminal haitians incarcerated , with the largest population in otay mesa , arizona . haitian migration to these parts is relatively new , beginning with a trickle arriving early 2016 to thousands today . ( mr . clement said that there were about thirty to fifty other haitian men , as well as a small number of africans , detained in his jail block . he was not sure of the numbers held in other blocks , or of how many haitian women are being held in the women s wing of adelanto . ) this migration is also unusual . it reflects a new pattern for haitian migrants , who originally traveled the direct route over the caribbean sea to the eastern u . s . , and settled in metropolitan centers such as miami and new york , cities with large caribbean and african immigrant populations . this new pattern of migration means a more than 7 , 000 - mile trek over land from brazil through south and central america , into mexico and , finally , crossing one of the borders into the u . s . southwest . this migration reflects a new pattern for haitian migrants . mr . clement s journey to the u . s . was not an easy one . but his story is similar to that of other haitian migrants in southern california . he left haiti for the dominican republic and later traveled to brazil . he was in brazil for eight months , working odd jobs , barely surviving . life in brazil was precarious for mr . clement as it was for other haitian men and women . brazil , already known for its long history of anti - black racism , was almost unbearable for haitians , who are perceived as too black , and often suffered racist violence . [ 2 ] many haitians have decided to leave brazil , risking their lives to make the treacherous trek to the united states where they have family . similarly , from brazil , mr . clement traveled by land through peru , ecuador , columbia , panama , costa rica , nicaragua , honduras , guatemala , and mexico . the journey took more than three months , interrupted by arrests ( for example , nicaraguan officials arrested haitians on site and jailed them for days ) and a lack of funds . occasionally , haitian migrants would claim to be from an african country in order not to be harassed by officials in some central american states . mr . clement spoke of the difficulty of the journey through central america including having friends and fellow travelers die in the columbian forests , drowning as they crossed rivers , or being robbed by local bandits . he said honduras [ 3 ] provided something of a reprieve a small community in choluteca became one of the first groups to treat the haitian travelers as family . tijuana was the only other place in his travels where mr . clement felt he was treated with kindness . brazil was almost unbearable for haitians , who are perceived as too black , he said honduras provided something of a reprieve a small community in choluteca became one of the first groups to treat the haitian travelers as family . tijuana was the only other place in his travels where mr . clement felt he was treated with kindness . mr . clement spent more than a month in tijuana , waiting for an appointment date from the mexican government to cross the border into the u . s . [ 4 ] when mr . clement finally approached the san ysidro border crossing he was immediately arrested . he was surprised to find that his initial immigration interview was conducted by a haitian - american border patrol officer in haitian creole ( krey l ayisyen ) . the officer was intimidating , mr . clement said . he repeatedly accused mr . clement of being a haitian gang member who was running away from rivals , a claim mr . clement denied . after mr . clement was processed he was sent to a small holding cell . the cell was not meant for more than three or four people but was packed with at least thirty individuals . the holding cell had no window or bed . most people slept sitting up while some slept on mats . the prisoners could not shower or brush their teeth . they didn t know how long migrants were held there , but mr . clement believed that it was around five days . ( other haitian migrants confirmed these facts . ) after those five days , they were moved to actual jail cells in another prison in san diego ( whose name he and the others do not know ) . after three days there , the migrants and asylum seekers were put in prison jumpsuits , shackled with chains at the waist , wrists , and ankles , and placed on a bus for the more than six - hour drive to the adelanto detention center . mr . clement and his colleagues discussed their treatment in the u . s . from border guards to prison guards as condescending and inhumane and they all stated that they were not expecting to be treated like criminals the moment they crossed the border . they described the humiliation of not being able to use the toilet on the long bus trip to adelanto . some people urinated on themselves while others asked their fellow prisoners to unzip their pants to remove their penises so they could urinate where they sat . the lights in the cells were never turned off and the detention center was always freezing cold . the men described their months - long stay at adelanto as torture . the men recounted being kept indoors most of the time , and allowed outdoors once a week but only for a very short period . they were not allowed to sleep more than a few hours at a time . for example , when guards ordered the inmates into their small rooms at 11 p . m . , they had to wake up at 1 a . m . for a head count . after ordering everyone back to their rooms , the guards woke them up again at 4 or 5 a . m . for breakfast . the lights in the cells were never turned off which , according to one former haitian detainee , affected those on the top bunks even more and the detention center was always freezing cold . in addition , some of the haitians complained of guards using racial slurs against them , calling them fucking blacks and haitian trash . at adelanto , haitians have had larger bond amounts ( ranging anywhere from 15 , 000 to 50 , 000 ) placed on them to secure their release than immigrant prisoners elsewhere in the u . s . and until recently , very few haitians have been able to bond out of adelanto and few have won their asylum cases . a colleague who currently conducts research at adelanto suggested that the denial rate for haitian asylum cases there was almost 100 . at the same time , despite the denial rates , the asylum seekers are forced to serve extended periods in detention before their deportation . mr . clement spoke of adelanto as sucking us dry . i know that this prison is private business , and that this body [ he gestures to his chest ] is worth 140 per day for adelanto . so they hold us for as long as they can . they give us high bonds that we cannot pay . they change our asylum hearing dates . they even force those who do not want asylum to claim asylum so they can keep them longer . when they cannot make more money out of us , then they deport us quickly . some of the haitians complained of guards calling them fucking blacks and haitian trash . indeed , reporter kate morrissey argued that as of november 2016 , detaining haitians in immigration holding facilities is costing american taxpayers an estimated 379 , 380 per day . [ 5 ] that number is greater now . mr . clement and some of his friends describe a number of african immigrants and asylum seekers who , having been detained for months without hope , attempted suicide . compared to those coming from central america and mexico , the detention of haitian migrants and asylum seekers in the u . s . southwest is relatively recent . [ 6 ] when haitian migrants first began in appear at the u . s . - mexico border in small groups in early 2016 , [ 7 ] they were allowed into the u . s . through what is called a humanitarian parole , given a three - year temporary pass and released to family members . however , by late september 2016 , and as the numbers of immigrants and asylum seekers increased exponentially , the obama administration s department of homeland security put new arrivals in expedited removal proceedings , which means that they could be and were detained in prisons , especially if they have asylum claims . how did so many haitian people end up at the u . s . - mexico border and , ultimately , at the adelanto detention center and other facilities throughout the u . s . southwest in the increasing coverage given to this recent wave of haitian migrants , the story seems simple : haitians traveled to brazil under humanitarian visas after the 2010 earthquake , and later were recruited to brazil as a cheap labor source while the country prepared to host the 2014 world cup and the 2016 summer olympics . since then , brazil has been beset by severe economic retrenchment , forcing many haitians to leave for the u . s . yet there is much more to this . migrants leave haiti for economic reasons , but also because of gang - related persecution , political instability , domestic abuse , and extreme homophobia . [ 8 ] the country has also suffered from a long history of foreign military interventions , including ten interventions by the u . s . since the end of the nineteenth century . the u . s . also occupied haiti twice in the twentieth century , the longest being the nineteen - year military occupation from 1915 - 1934 . most recently , haiti has been under a militarized foreign occupation since february 2004 , when the u . s . , canada , and france sponsored a coup d tat to oust its popularly elected president , jean bertrand aristide . [ 9 ] the coup d tat led to a short military occupation by u . s . forces , which was later sanctioned by the united nations security council when they approved a peacekeeping mission in haiti . [ 10 ] the military wing of the mission was headed by brazil for more than a decade . [ 11 ] the occupation of haiti has also added to the country s political instability , undermining haitian democracy and self - determination and challenging sovereignty . it has also led to massive suffering : fall 2010 , not long after the earthquake january of that year that killed hundreds of thousands of people , nepalese troops brought cholera to haiti . it induced an epidemic that has sickened more than a million haitians and killed between 10 , 000 and 30 , 000 . [ 12 ] accountability has not been forthcoming . the un has refused to admit its culpability and the haitian people have had no avenue for redress . haiti has been under a militarized foreign occupation since february 2004 , when the u . s . , canada , and france sponsored a coup d tat . when we met , mr . clement was preparing to present his asylum claim before a u . s . immigration court housed not far from the ice offices within the adelanto facility . immigration proceedings in detention centers are considered administrative matters and are less formal than regular court proceedings . the usual rules of evidence do not apply and the presiding judges have substantial leeway in their interpretation of testimony and the assessment of asylum claims . meanwhile , as u . s . immigration policy dictates , he can only receive legal representation at his own expense ; mr . clement was forced to represent himself . yet despite such terrible circumstances , mr . clement is one of the fortunate ones . with the help of a bond fund [ 13 ] established for the adelanto hunger strikers by a local organization , volunteers were able to bond him out of the detention center just before his deportation hearing . a regular immigration judge on the outside rather than within adelanto will now hear his asylum case , and mr . clement will now have a more normal set of legal set of proceedings . at the same time , he is stuck within the u . s . criminal justice system . he was bonded out on a 17 , 000 bond with two ankle bracelets ( shackles produced by a subsidiary of the geo group ) one for ice , and one for the bond company . the bond company that collateralized his release requires former detainees to pay a 480 activation fee for the ankle monitor , and 420 per month service fee for as long as it takes for his case to be resolved . yet , as an asylum seeker awaiting trial , mr . clement is not allowed to seek employment to cover this non - refundable fee , the ankle monitor fee , or his day - to - day living expenses . mr . clement may be out of detention , but he is certainly not free . this article previously appeared in boom california . notes with gratitude to peter james hudson for his brilliant and generous feedback . [ 1 ] all names of asylum seekers are pseudonyms . [ 2 ] haitian immigrants victims of xenophobic attacks in brazil , telesur , 9 august 2015 , < URL > it s not because i m black , is it as haitian immigrants head to the south of brazil , racist tendencies arise as descendants of european immigrants turn their noses up , black women of brazil , 29 may 2015 , < URL > [ 3 ] although , with pressure from the united states , honduras has begun arresting haitian migrants traveling through the country ( < URL > [ 4 ] it turns out that the mexican government does not allow all who want to cross the border to the u . s . instead , it passes out appointment dates to cross . most of these dates require the haitian ( and other migrants ) to spend at least two weeks in baja california . [ 5 ] kate morrissey , detaining haitians awaiting deportation to hurricane - ravaged homeland is not inexpensive , san diego union tribune , 11 november 2016 , < URL > [ 6 ] of course , the u . s . has a long history of detaining haitian asylum seekers and migrants . two of the more notorious detention centers are krome detention center ( < URL > and the u . s . naval base at guantanamo bay ( < URL > before it gained more notoriety as a maximum - security prison for purported suspects of the u . s . war on terror . both of these detention centers have reputations for the cruel treatment of haitian immigrants . [ 7 ] daniel gonz lez , migrants amassed at u . s . - mexico border unsure what s next , azcentral , 13 december 2016 , < URL > [ 8 ] there are also new impediments to social life , including the recent haitian government s new anti - lgbt posture ( < URL > [ 9 ] jemima pierre , haiti : the second occupation , the black scholar , 14 august 2015 , < URL > anthony fenton and dru oja jay , ottawa s secret memo : canada s role in haiti s february 2004 coup d etat , global research , 26 february 2013 , < URL > when canada plotted to overthrow haiti s government , 24 january 2014 , < URL > [ 10 ] according to dady chery , haiti s un mission is the only un chapter 7 force in a country that is not at war . chapter 7 of the un charter gives the un security council the power to determine the existence of any threat to the peace and take military and nonmilitary action to restore international peace and security . participating countries have boasted about haiti being a place where they could test their police methods and military equipment for urban warfare on an unsuspecting population ( 10 reasons why un occupation of haiti must end , ha ti libert , 19 april 2017 , < URL > [ 11 ] jemima pierre , brazil s haitian training ground , black agenda report , 4 may 2011 , < URL > s - haitian - training - ground . [ 12 ] gina athena ulysse , 30 thousand haitian lives lost to u . n . cholera , huffpost , 6 june 2016 , < URL > [ 13 ] < URL >
today we have part 2 of a recent colson fellows webinar with john stonestreet , author rod dreher and professor bruce ashford . from a kuyperian and a benedict option point of view , how is the church called to respond to the dramatic cultural and political shifts we re witnessing all around us how do we engage those with whom we disagree or with those who seek to push christians out of the public square and remember , we are accepting applications for the class of 2018 at colsonfellows . org .
dramatic video shows a man named shiva posing by the train tracks in hyderabad , india before he is hit by a train . the man sustained serious head injuries but somehow survived the incident . WARNiNG : video may be disturbing to some viewers .
a delta airlines 757 - 200 aircraft with 131 passengers aboard that just took off from LaX is being forced to turn around and make an emergency landing due to mechanical problems . live FEEd VIa fox La :
washington two former staff employees of a member of the u . s . house of representatives pled guilty today to charges stemming from the circulation of private , nude images and videos of the member and the member s spouse . juan r . mccullum , 36 , of washington , d . c . , and dorene browne - louis , 45 , of upper marlboro , md . , entered the guilty pleas in the u . s . district court for the district of columbia . mccullum pled guilty to two federal cyber - related charges and two district of columbia offenses , including conspiracy to disclose sexual images and attempted first - degree unlawful publication of a sexual image . browne - louis pled guilty to one federal cyber charge and the district of columbia offense of conspiracy to disclose sexual images . the honorable john d . bates scheduled mccullum s sentencing for march 8 , 2018 and scheduled browne - louis s sentencing for april 23 , 2018 . each of the federal charges carries a statutory maximum of a year in prison and each district of columbia offense carries up to 180 days in jail . mccullum s plea , which is contingent upon the court s approval , calls for an agreed - upon sentence of one year and 361 days of incarceration , with all but one year and a day suspended on the condition that he successfully completes two years of supervised probation . during his probation , mccullum would be required to perform 100 hours of community service . both defendants were indicted in july 2017 following an investigation by the united states capitol police . according to statements of offense filed as part of the guilty plea , mccullum worked from april 2015 until june 2016 in the del . stacey plaskett s legislative office in washington , d . c . browne - louis worked in the same office from january 2015 until april 2016 . according to the documents , during the course of his employment , mccullum offered in march 2016 to assist the house member in repairing the member s malfunctioning , password - protected iphone by taking the device to a local apple store . the house member provided mccullum with the device solely to have it repaired . the house member later provided the password so that the device could be unlocked by the apple store solely for the purpose of having the iphone repaired . mccullum was not given permission to take , copy , or distribute any of the contents of the iphone . the iphone contained the private , nude images and videos . in july 2016 , the documents state , after mccullum left the house member s staff , he engaged in a course of conduct that included creating a hotmail account and a facebook social media account , using a fictitious name , to distribute and post the private , nude images and videos . in addition , he made browne - louis aware that he was in possession of the images from the iphone . further , mccullum encouraged others on social media to redistribute the private , nude images and videos in the member s congressional district . browne - louis assisted by providing mccullum with e - mail addresses and other contact information to distribute the images . browne - louis also distributed one of the private , nude images to a person who was working on the campaign of a challenger to the member s primary election . mccullum and browne - louis understood their actions did cause , and were likely to cause , emotional harm to the house member and spouse , as well as the member s re - election , the plea documents state .
los angeles a former assistant track coach pleaded no contest yesterday to having sexual relations with three teenage girls over a four - month period . at monday s court appearance , johnny arellano 26 , of norwalk pleaded no contest to three felony counts : one count of oral copulation of a person under 16 and two counts of oral copulation of a person under 18 . the defendant is scheduled to be sentenced feb . 21 in department j of the los angeles county superior court , norwalk branch . arellano is expected to be sentenced to three years in state prison and ordered to register as a lifetime sex offender . deputy district attorney michael derose of the victim impact program , who prosecuted the case , said arellano was the former assistant track coach at norwalk high school . between june and october 2017 , the defendant engaged in sexual acts with two female students , the prosecutor said . a concerned adult alerted authorities and the defendant was taken into custody on oct . 5 , 2017 , the prosecutor added . after further investigation , law enforcement learned of a third teenage girl who was involved in a sexual relationship with arellano between august and september 2017 , according to the prosecutor .
baltimore david thornton was found guilty by a baltimore city jury of voluntary manslaughter and use of a deadly weapon with the intent to injure in the homicide of 17 - year - old jawan henry . at the time , thornton was on parole from a second degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder conviction . assistant state s attorney ( asa ) bethany durand prosecuted the case . on march 8 , 2014 , baltimore police were called to the 2600 block of mura street for a stabbing . upon arrival , officers found the victim located in the block with a single stab wound to the abdomen . he was transported to johns hopkins hospital where he died . an autopsy determined the cause of death was the stab wound which had severed his aorta . witnesses were located who identified david thornton as the person who had stabbed henry with a knife after an argument over 10 that thornton s girlfriend owed the victim for doing household chores for her . asa durand obtained a conviction for thornton s crimes in september 2015 , but the maryland court of special appeals determined that thornton was entitled to a new trial because the jury had not been given a self - defense instruction from the judge before deliberations . our prosecutors are not deterred by cases being sent back on appeal , and i d like the victims of crime in baltimore to know that we will remain relentless in our pursuit of justice , said state s attorney mosby . i hope the outcome of this case provides solace to the family of this young man after this nearly four year journey to justice . thornton was sentenced to the maximum penalty of 13 years in prison for his crimes .
knoxville an investigation by special agents with the tennessee bureau of investigation has led to the indictment of a morristown woman accused of falsely reporting a sexual assault incident . in april 2017 , at the request of 4 th district attorney general james dunn , tbi special agents began investigating allegations of sexual assault involving three sevierville police officers . ashley nicole green reported that she was sexually assaulted by the officers while she was unconscious . the investigation revealed that the incident did not occur . on january 5 th , the sevier county grand jury returned an indictment charging green with one count of false reporting . today , green was arrested and booked into the sevier county jail on a 7 , 500 bond .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 26 , of columbus , ohio , was sentenced on jan . 22 , to 22 years in prison to be followed by 10 years of supervised release , for training with terrorists overseas and leading a terrorist plot . mohamud traveled to syria to train and fight with the designated terrorist organization al - nusrah front . he then returned to the united states with the intent to conduct an attack here , said acting assistant attorney general boente . thanks to the tremendous efforts of law enforcement , mohamud was arrested and his plans were thwarted . one of the national security division s highest priorities remains identifying and neutralizing the threat posed by foreign terrorist fighters who return to the united states . mohamud engaged in terrorist activity overseas , which included training and fighting with the al - nusrah front , a designated foreign terrorist organization , said u . s . attorney glassman . he then returned to the united states with a plan to do grievous harm , recruited others to help him in his homeland plot , and then planned and prepared for attacks in the united states . once caught , he orchestrated a cover - up beginning with his material misstatements to the fbi . the seriousness of his actions cannot be overstated and today s sentence illustrates that . mohamud was originally arrested and indicted in state court by my office and a 2 million bond was set that maintained him in custody . those state charges were dismissed when the federal prosecution commenced and assistant prosecutor joseph gibson was added to the federal team as a special assistant u . s . attorney , said franklin county prosecutor o brien . this case illustrates the effectiveness of the cooperative effort in the columbus area to combat terrorism . a federal grand jury charged mohamud in april 2015 with one count of attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists , one count of attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization namely , al - nusrah front and one count of making false statements to the fbi involving international terrorism . mohamud pleaded guilty to those charges in august 2015 . the plea was sealed until june 2017 because of an ongoing investigation . according to court documents , mohamud is a somali - born naturalized u . s . citizen , who , in 2014 , obtained a u . s . passport and one - way ticket to greece . during his travel in april 2014 , mohamud did not board his connecting flight to athens , greece . rather , during his layover in istanbul , turkey , he completed pre - arranged plans to cross the border into syria . in syria , mohamud received training from al - nusrah front , a terrorist organization affiliated with al - qaeda . according to a statement of facts supporting mohamud s guilty plea , while in syria , mohamud trained with al - nusrah front on fitness , and on the use of weapons and tactics . mohamud also engaged in a firefight and expressed his desire to die fighting in syria . mohamud returned to the united states after his brother was killed fighting for al - nusrah front . the statement of facts details that after returning to the united states , mohamud planned to obtain weapons in order to kill military officers , other government employees or people in uniform . evidence seized by the fbi indicates that mohamud researched places in the u . s . to carry out such plans .
the custom built donald trump 1911 pistol by jesse james ( Video ) of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next on display at the jesse james firearms unlimited booth at shot show 2018 , is a beautiful hand - made 1911 pistol that james made for his good friend donald j . trump . the pistol is on display at the booth ( 411 ) until jan . 26 . when trump became the president , james felt an obligation to make his friend a gun . i build cool guns . so , it s like , i m going to build a presidential gun , he said . setting out to build the gun , james wanted to capture the essence of trump . donald trump s kind of old school , like 1970 s , james said . you know , new york city rich guy . so , a little bit of gold , a little bit of decorative filigree work . being the 45 th president of the united states , of course the gun had to be a large 1911 in . 45 acp . james used one of his grandmaster x seven - inch 1911 model frames as a base , and added a two - inch comp to the barrel to bring the total length of the pistol to nine inches . this gave him enough real estate to be able to write the president s entire name down one side donald j . trump . on the other side he put , the 45 th president of the united states of america . it s kind of like , a modern dirty harry gun , said james . he s kind of bigger than life , i think . so he needs a bigger than life pistol . james only made one of the gun and he hasn t spoken to trump about it . he figures he ll probably make a trip to the white house and present the gun to his friend . however , if he does this in a formal fashion , by law , the gun then becomes the property of the people . so trump wouldn t be able to keep it . to this jesse said , i guess i shouldn t bitch about having a pistol in the presidential museum . the custom - made donald trump gun by jesse james . ( photo : jesse james firearms unlimited ) the custom - made donald trump gun by jesse james . ( photo : jesse james firearms unlimited ) the custom - made donald trump gun by jesse james . ( photo : jesse james firearms unlimited ) the custom - made donald trump gun by jesse james . ( photo : jesse james firearms unlimited ) the custom - made donald trump gun by jesse james . ( photo : jesse james firearms unlimited ) the custom - made donald trump gun by jesse james . ( photo : jesse james firearms unlimited ) the post the custom built donald trump 1911 pistol by jesse james ( Video ) appeared first on guns . com . source : < URL >
in the mysterious case of exoplanet corot - 2 b , however , the hot spot turns out to lie in the opposite direction : west of center . a research team led by astronomers at mcgill university s mcgill space institute ( msi ) and the institute for research on exoplanets ( irex ) in montreal made the discovery using nasa s spitzer space telescope . their findings are reported jan . 22 in the journal nature astronomy . wrong - way wind we ve previously studied nine other hot jupiter , giant planets orbiting super close to their star . in every case , they have had winds blowing to the east , as theory would predict , says mcgill astronomer nicolas cowan , a co - author on the study and researcher at msi and irex . but now , nature has thrown us a curveball . on this planet , the wind blows the wrong way . since it s often the exceptions that prove the rule , we are hoping that studying this planet will help us understand what makes hot jupiters tick . corot - 2 b , discovered a decade ago by a french - led space observatory mission , is 930 light years from earth . while many other hot jupiters have been detected in recent years , corot - 2 b has continued to intrigue astronomers because of two factors : its inflated size and the puzzling spectrum of light emissions from its surface . both of these factors suggest there is something unusual happening in the atmosphere of this hot jupiter , says lisa dang , a mcgill phd student and lead author of the new study . by using spitzer s infrared array camera to observe the planet while it completed an orbit around its host star , the researchers were able to map the planet s surface brightness for the first time , revealing the westward hot spot . new questions the researchers offer three possible explanations for the unexpected discovery each of which raises new questions : the planet could be spinning so slowly that one rotation takes longer than a full orbit of its star ; this could create winds blowing toward the west rather than the east but it would also undercut theories about planet - star gravitational interaction in such tight orbits . the planet s atmosphere could be interacting with the planet s magnetic field to modify its wind pattern ; this could provide a rare opportunity to study an exoplanet s magnetic field . large clouds covering the eastern side of the planet could make it appear darker than it would otherwise but this would undercut current models of atmospheric circulation on such planets . we ll need better data to shed light on the questions raised by our finding , dang says . fortunately , the james webb space telescope , scheduled to launch next year , should be capable of tackling this problem . armed with a mirror that has 100 times the collecting power of spitzer s , it should provide us with exquisite data like never before . scientists from the university of michigan , the california institute of technology , arizona state university , new york university abu dhabi , the university of california , santa cruz , and pennsylvania state university also contributed to the study .
upcoming telescopes should be able to detect mountains and other landscapes on extrasolar planets headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next the study of exoplanets has advanced by leaps and bounds in the past few decades . between ground - based observatories and spacecraft like the kepler mission , a total of 3 , 726 exoplanets have been confirmed in 2 , 792 systems , with 622 systems having more than one planet ( as of jan . 1 st , 2018 ) . and in the coming years , scientists expect that many more discoveries will be possible thanks to the deployment of next - generation missions . these include nasa s james webb space telescope ( jwst ) and several next - generation ground based observatories . with their advanced instruments , these and other observatories are not only expected to find many more exoplanets , but to reveal new and fascinating things about them . for instance , a recent study from columbia university indicated that it will be possible , using the transit method , to study surface elevations on exoplanets . the study , which recently appeared online under the title finding mountains with molehills : the detectability of exotopography , was conducted by moiya mctier and david kipping and graduate student and an assistant professor of astronomy at columbia university , respectively . based on models they created using bodies in our solar system , the team considered whether transit surveys might be able to reveal topographical data on exoplanets . artist s impression of an extra - solar planet transiting its star . credit : Qub astrophysics research center to recap , the transit method ( aka . transit photometry ) is currently the most popular and reliable means for detecting exoplanets . it consists of astronomers measuring the light curve of distant stars over time and looking for periodic dips in brightness . these dips are the result of exoplanets passing in front of the star ( i . e . transiting ) relative to the observer . by measuring the rate at which the star s light dips , and the period with which the dimming occurs , astronomer are not only able to determine the presence of exoplanets , but also place accurate constraints on their size and orbital periods . according to mctier and kipping , this same method could also reveal the presence of geographical features for instance , mountain ranges , volcanoes , trenches , and craters . as they indicate in their study , in lieu of direct imaging , indirect methods are the only means astronomers have for revealing data on an exoplanet s surface . unfortunately , there is no conceivable way that the radial velocity , microlensing , astrometry , and timing methods could reveal exotopography . this leaves the transit method , which has some potential in this respect . as they state : the transit method directly measures the sky - projected area of a planet s silhouette relative to that of a star , under the assumption that the planet is not luminous itself this fact implies that there is indeed some potential for transits to reveal surface features , since the planet s silhouette is certainly distorted from a circular profile due to the presence of topography . satellite image of the himalayan mountain chain , as imaged by nasa slandsat - 7 imagery of himalayas . credit : nasa in other words , as a planet transits in front of its host star , the light passing around the planet itself could be measured for small variations . these could indicate the presence of mountain ranges and other large - scale features like massive chasms . to test this theory , they considered planets in the solar system as templates for how the scattering of light during a transit could reveal large - scale features . as an example , they consider what an earth analog planet would reveal if the himalayan mountain range ran from north to south and was wide enough to span 1 in longitude : now assume that the planet completes half of one rotation as it transits its parent star from our point of view , which is all that is necessary to see all of the planet s features appear on its silhouette without repeating . as our hypothetical planet rotates and the himalayan block moves into and out of view , the change in silhouette will result in different transit depths ultimately , they consider that mars would be the ideal test case due to its combination of small size , low surface gravity , and active internal volcanism , which has caused it become what they describe as the bumpiest body in the solar system . when paired with a white dwarf star , this presents the optimal case for using light curves to determine exotopography . color mosaic of mars greatest mountain , olympus mons , viewed from orbit . credit nasa / jpl at a distance of about 0 . 01 au ( which would be within a white dwarf s habitable zone ) , they calculate that a mars - sized planet would have an orbital period of 11 . 3 hours . this would allow for many transits to be observed in a relatively short viewing period , thus ensuring a greater degree of accuracy . at the same time , the team admits that their proposed methods suffers from drawbacks . for instance , due to the presence of astrophysical and instrumental noise , they determined that their method would be unproductive when it comes to studying exoplanets around sun - like stars and m - type ( red dwarf ) stars . but for mars - like planets orbiting low mass , white dwarf stars , the method could produce some highly valuable scientific returns . while this might sound rather limited , it would present some rather fascinating opportunities to learn more about planets beyond our solar system . as they explain : finding the first evidence of mountains on planets outside our solar system would be exciting in its own right , but we can also infer planet characteristics from the presence and distribution of surface features . for example , a detection of bumpiness could lead to constraints on a planet s internal processes . in short , planets with a high degree of bumpiness would indicate tectonic activity or the buildup of lava caused by internal heating sources . those with the highest bumpiness ( i . e . like mars ) would indicate that they too experience a combination internal processes , low surface gravity , volcanism , and a lack of tectonic plate movement . meanwhile , low - bumpiness planets are less likely to have any of these internal processes and their surfaces are more likely to be shaped by external factors like asteroid bombardment . artist s impression of the owl telescope being deployed at night from its enclosure , where it will operated during the daytime . credit : eso based on their estimates , they conclude that the various super telescopes that are scheduled to be commissioned in the coming years would be up to task . these include the eso s overwhelmingly large ( owl ) telescope , a 100 - meter proposed optical and near - infrared telescope that would build on the success of the very large telescope ( vlt ) and the upcoming extremely large telescope ( elt ) . another example is the colossus telescope , a 74 - meter optical and infrared telescope that is currently being commissioned by an international consortium . once operational , it will be the largest telescope optimized for detecting extrasolar life and extraterrestrial civilizations . in the past , the success of exoplanet hunters has come down to a combination of factors . in addition to greater levels of cooperation between institutions , amateur astronomers and citizen scientists , there has also been the way in which improved technology has coincided with new theoretical models . as more data become available , scientists are able to produce more educated estimates on what we might be able to learn once new instruments come online . when the next - generation telescopes take to space or are finished construction here on earth , we can anticipate that thousands more exoplanets will be found . at the same time , we can anticipate that important details will be also discovered about these planets that were not possible before . do they have atmospheres do they have oceans do they have mountain ranges and chasms we hope to find out further reading : arxiv the post upcoming telescopes should be able to detect mountains and other landscapes on extrasolar planets appeared first on universe today . source : < URL >
obama s the greatest criminal in history say trump and joe arpaio because he forged his birth certificate ( video )
beyond imagination : uranium one headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next beyond imagination : uranium one by anne williamson the multilayered story surrounding uranium one the former south african , then canadian , and now russian company , of which both bill and hillary clinton and their family foundation are the enriched beneficiaries has all the usual elements of a typical clinton scandal . a talented con man , bill clinton perfected his game in arkansas . through his control over state contracts , regulatory agencies , and judicial appointments , the creation of public credit and of agencies like the arkansas development and finance authority and their misuse , then - governor clinton was able to reward his allies , punish his enemies , and insert his political machine into nearly every endeavor , public and private , statewide . clinton nailed down the couple s franchise by continually getting himself re - elected governor of arkansas , while his spouse handled the paperwork at the rose law firm . when bill and hillary made the move from little rock to washington , the territory under their influence was enlarged , and the public cash pots at their disposal grew significantly , but their modus operandi remained the same . the only thing that changed when hillary began her adventures in the u . s . senate , and then at the state department , was that she was now the one with political power , and bill became the ornamental figure . uranium one s predecessor is a canadian company , urasia energy ltd . , founded in 2005 by canadian mining financier frank giustra . by mysterious means giustra was able to fill what was no more than a shell company with the rights to three uranium mines located in kazakhstan , a former soviet republic that is fantastically rich in just about everything , including uranium . bill clinton appears to have played a significant role in smoothing the rough edges of giustra s good fortune by supporting kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev s appointment to a u . n . agency dedicated to validating elections , a p . r . coup for nazarbayev . thereafter , bill got the use of giustra s luxurious private jet , and the two began jetting about the globe together to third world countries that enjoy attractive endowments of natural resources . bill made his speeches , and frank made his deals . in 2007 , urasia purchased a south african uranium firm , uranium one , and moved the company to canada while retaining the firm s south african name . bill and frank then set up their own philanthropic entity , the clinton giustra sustainable growth initiative , to promote progressive environmental and labor practices in the natural resources industry . giustra pledged 100 million and dragged in 16 million more in pledges at a 2008 star - studded gala in toronto . in 2008 , things got more interesting . the russian atomic - energy agency rosatom , short of uranium for its own needs , entered into negotiations for a 17 - percent stake in uranium one . but in 2009 , kazakhstan questioned uranium one s claim of having obtained government approvals for urasia s first mine purchases . the kazakh government s public doubts coincided with the arrest of mukhtar dzhakishev , the head of kazatomprom ( the country s national importer and exporter of nuclear - fuel components ) , on charges of illegally selling uranium deposits to foreign companies . uranium one s shareholders and principals were beside themselves . would the company lose the kazakh mines already , uranium one s stock value had collapsed by 40 percent . the moscow investment bank renaissance capital was similarly alarmed since it had been heavily promoting uranium one shares to its investors . could some dastardly russian scheme for control of kazakh uranium assets be afoot and was it possible that vladimir putin , who enjoys excellent relations with his kazakh neighbor , and with president nazarbayev personally , was the kingpin of the operation now why would anyone think that the office of the presidency of the russian federation is relatively new , having come into existence a mere quarter century ago . vladimir putin s interpretation of the office is shaping and defining it . he is the nation s khozyain , a unique figure whose origins are in russia s misty past when the slavic tribes roaming the great eurasian steppe were among the freest people on earth . unlike western europe , the tribal lord wasn t an hereditary office , but one elected by the veche ( popular assembly ) in which each mature male householder of the votchina ( estate ) had a vote . when one khozyain s leadership delivered poor results , the votchina s electorate did not hesitate to replace him . and since each householder considered himself a rightful claimant to some part of the votchina s earnings , the criterion for political support was the shared prosperity and security of all claimants . vladimir putin s principal aim has been the restoration of the russian state and economy , and for that the state must be protected from both invaders and usurpers . this requires an army , which , in turn , requires the state to have income preferably income that is not derived from crushing both healthy competition and the population generally , as was true under the tsars and the commissars . thus we arrive at the 1999 law on state corporations that governs strategic industries and giants like russian railways , sberbank , rosneft , and rosatom . each corporation is created by separate legislation and escapes the scrutiny of the federal agency for state property management , being controlled instead by the kremlin . in the first years of putin s rule , kremlin strategists puzzled over the best ways in which to invigorate the russian economy . where might they excel in this new , modern world in which post - soviet russia was struggling to find her footing what was russia good at what could russia provide the world besides oil and gas the answer was bigness . enormity does give the russians a special joy . the idea of bigness empowers them : the biggest country , the biggest dam , the biggest steel mill . when describing some aspect of their industries or their land to a visitor in terms of big , they will sigh in exasperation because the guest clearly doesn t grasp just how big big is . the poet lermontov captured the russians proud defiance when he wrote , we may be slaves , but we are enslaved by russia , the ruler of the universe . rosatom , a large state corporation built in 2007 out of the soviet atomic industry s degraded assets , exemplifies the russian state s policy of developing key strategic industries and infrastructure . these big state corporations are ( at least in theory ) positioned to enable and stimulate the rest of the economy ; in turn , rosatom s ( and similar firms ) corporate earnings support the state . rosatom s projects are enormous , and the russians have proved themselves quite adept at developing nuclear reactor technology as well as advanced safety technology and procedures . they are also quite capable of strengthening the country s position in the global nuclear - energy market . the kremlin s idea of delivering nuclear - industry products to customers that cover the entire supply chain from raw uranium to a reactor s final energy output is being realized , and uranium one is a part of that story . it s a story that began in vancouver at the first clinton - yeltsin summit . in april 1993 , americans were rightly concerned about nuclear proliferation , but wrongly focused on a contract moscow had with iran to build a nuclear reactor . in his memoir the russia hand , strobe talbott , bill clinton s advisor on russian affairs , insisted that this reactor , once completed , would contribute to the covert nuclear - weapons program of a regime that supported international terrorism and violently opposed the middle east peace process . the russians knew the iranians had no covert nuclear - weapons program , and that peace in the middle east hinged more on israel s behavior than on iran s . viktor mikhailov , then - minister of atomic energy , refused to swallow what he said was washington s cover story to conceal its true aim : keeping russia out of a legitimate market for nuclear technology . russia needed income , and what russia sold and to whom was none of washington s business . that was hardly what the americans expected to hear . talbott quotes his then - assistant and future state department ukrainian strategist and outspoken e . u . supporter toria nuland : see that s how the russians are . you try to get them to eat their spinach , and the more you tell them it s good for them , the more they gag . after the first chechen war erupted in 1994 , the iranian contract took on additional importance . russia is home to the largest population of muslims of any predominantly christian country on earth . concentrated in the caucasus ( chechnya , ingushetia , dagestan , circassia , bashkiria , etc . ) , islam s centuries - old settlements and communities crawl northward along both sides of the volga to tatarstan , and westerly to bashkortostan . having already lost the buffer of eastern europe and nearly a third of the soviet union s national territory , russia defense minister pavel grachev warned boris yeltsin that if chechnya broke free , there would be a domino effect in neighboring muslim - dominated areas . russia would run the risk of being cut in two . otherwise on the proliferation front , russian and american interests were aligned . the two nations were quick to agree to the george h . w . bush administration s megatons to megawatts proposal , announced in august 1992 , in which over 20 years russia would convert 500 tons of highly enriched uranium from dismantled nuclear warheads into low - enriched uranium to be purchased by the u . s . to fuel power plants . the agreement was finalized under president clinton in 1993 , and everybody was happy . the russians were earning money from their nuclear expertise while reducing their overlarge nuclear arsenal ( as were the americans ) , and the americans had a reliable supply of energy - grade uranium for their nuclear - power industry . however , the following six years proved revelatory . putin summed them up well just recently : we gave you uranium ; you repaid us by bombing belgrade . what exactly did putin mean what was he summarizing in the oil and gas business , distribution is key . whoever controls the pipe servicing a field controls the product . by securing an energy supply corridor from the fields of the caspian sea region to europe , the west would provide for a significant supply of oil and gas to central and western europe by pipeline , and to the u . s . through load - out terminals in the nato sphere , in turkey , greece , and albania . the only trick would be to maintain stability along the pipeline from the caspian through the caucasus and the balkans to western europe ; the chosen solution was to create individual u . n . - nato protectorates from the six republics and two autonomous regions that made up yugoslavia before 1989 . nato s peace bombs served to undermine the last sovereign state that stood in the way of the west s colonization of the balkans . none of this was lost on the russians . they understood that there was nothing humanitarian in nato s kosovo aggression , and the alliance s cheap rhetoric was really cover for the west s ongoing oil - grab and the rolling expansions of nato , both of which continue to this day . moscow had always controlled the pipes that carried the former soviet union s oil and gas to western markets . much better , the americans reasoned , that the central asian republics should owe their future wealth , transit payments , and security to an imperial washington . stripped of her pipeline monopoly , her nuclear capacity diminished through obsolescence , her defense sector in decline from lack of resources , and burdened with a corrupt government , unsustainable foreign - debt payments , and a thieving elite , russia would be no more than a vast , disorganized , ineffective , and landlocked territory capable only of delivering raw materials ( and thousands of thermonuclear warheads ) to the west . and even the efficient exporting of raw materials , certain interests argued , would require western management . over the following decade the fracking revolution would change the face of the oil and gas industry ; now the united states , for example , was to become an exporter of oil , not merely an importer . but the pressure on russia did not cease : it has only intensified . the west s sanctions regime compels russia to live through a 21 st - century version of the medieval siege . in 2009 , it was sergey kiriyenko who first saw the saving opportunity . the west , which had focused on gaining control of russian gas and oil , had neglected uranium . the former yeltsin prime minister saw that profitable assets which were even then giving a good return could be had for a cheap price . he also knew that when the megatons to megawatts program ended in 2013 , the u . s . would have insufficient uranium to supply her industry . kiriyenko s proposal thus would give russia a significant claim on u . s . uranium assets . but that was not likely the driving force behind the plan . what was essential for the development of rosatom was increasing russia s supply of raw uranium , not settling old scores . after kiriyenko s presentation to the presidium , putin gave the go - ahead for rosatom to proceed to lock those assets up . the first step was the bid for 17 percent of uranium one that had so alarmed the company s principals and renaissance capital s promoters of the stock . uranium one quickly responded to kazakhstan s challenge to the company s ownership of the kazakh mines which russia had no discernible motive to disrupt and contacted canadian and u . s . diplomats , telling them they needed official written confirmation that the licenses were valid . cables flew to the u . s . state department , whose head was then mrs . clinton . in mid - june 2009 , according to a new york times report ( april 23 , 2015 ) , the american energy officer of the u . s . embassy in kazakhstan met with kazakh officials . three days later , writes the times , a wholly owned subsidiary of rosatom completed a deal for 17 percent of uranium one . that same month , bill clinton gave his now - famous half - million - dollar speech at moscow s kremlin - connected renaissance capital . within a year , continues the times , the russian government substantially upped the ante , with a generous offer to shareholders that would give [ russia ] a 51 percent controlling stake . but to pull that deal off , rosatom had to obtain the approval of the committee on foreign investment in the united states ( cfius ) , on which sat the committee s most important member , hillary clinton , whose husband was collecting millions in donations from people associated with uranium one . bill and hillary s long - serving praetorian guard , the fbi , even managed to run an investigation , and the department of justice a successful prosecution , of vadim mikerin , whom the doj describes as the former director of the pan american department of jsc techsnabexport ( teneX ) , a subsidiary of russia s state atomic energy corporation , for money - laundering and corrupt practices , without having to avail themselves of what were said to be suitcases of evidence gathered by an american informant within the rosatom crew , william campbell . that done , the justice department then gagged their informant . contrary to the agreement hillary struck with the obama administration in return for her appointment as the u . s . secretary of state , the clinton foundation s 145 million rake from individuals connected to uranium one was not reported , nor were the names of the donors . reporters would soon learn that asking for specifics from foundation spokesmen , former campaign and staff personnel , pretty much guarantees nobody s home . the giustra pals donations add up to some 50 million . where did the rest of the 145 million come from peter schweizer , author of clinton cash , told foX news that , according to his fbi sources , within the trove of evidence gathered by campbell is a recording of russian officials with this uranium company talking about making donations to the clinton foundation to gain favorable action . if true , the fbi would have uncovered the russian bribery plot before the obama administration approved the 2010 russian bid for 51 - percent ownership of uranium one , which russia through armZ , a subsidiary of rosatom fully owns today ( 100 percent , contrary to moscow s stated intentions in 2010 ) , and thereby controls 20 percent of u . s . uranium . why wasn t cfius informed about the bribery scandal why was the investigation and prosecution of mikerin hidden from congress why was it kept from the public , when every bit of unsubstantiated russian calumny is shouted from the rooftops was the small leverage over u . s . energy needs russia gained through the ownership of uranium one worth a 145 million payoff to the clintons rosatom contracts are calculated in the billions , meaning a 145 million campaign is not unreasonable , according to the standard practices of the international bribe market ; a ten - percent rake is the usual percentage taken of those bribes that are actually paid out . did russia overpay for the shares of uranium one in the 2013 buyout with the understanding that the lucky principals would send a sliver of their piece of the pie to the clintons giustra himself is said to have cashed out of uranium one for some 300 million , after which he donated 31 . 5 million to the clinton foundation . overall , the most compelling question is this : why would the russians , having such excellent kompromat on hillary and while enjoying such genial relations with madam reset , want a volatile and capricious trump in the white house instead of her they d had a bellyful of all that from their own boris yeltsin . hillary they knew ; trump they didn t . what of putin is he a bribe - giver is he so bold and confident a character as to step into the muddy waters of international corruption , involving himself with the clintons in the united states , a land that both amuses and confounds him despite the historical roots of putin s legal structures , favoring what he refers to as russia s champions , could they not collectively compose a proto - fascist structure not entirely unlike governor clinton s arkansas development and financial authority the utility of russia s state corporations to the nation depends almost entirely upon the character and competency of the khozyain and his subordinates . in self - interested hands , the overall structure as designed could lead to great harm . would not a rosatom management gone rogue exemplify the potential danger there is yet another consideration . when large sums move improperly from one pocket to another , the problem of leaving a trail of evidence can be alleviated with the help of a friendly offshore investment bank one like , say , renaissance . the complete buyout of a company done privately offers folks who are on the take a rare opportunity . did some other highly political benefactor step in and buy the shares at an inflated price from uranium one shareholders and then sell them at a loss to the russians at a previously agreed price ( there are all sorts of ways the rich can make new friends while expanding their circle of influence . ) who else might have benefited , besides the clintons , from alleged rosatom largesse all of these questions need to be answered . at the start of 2018 , the mainstream media have declared trump s obsession ( nbc news ) with uranium one to be his and his supporters attempt at distracting americans from his oft alleged collusion with russia to steal the 2016 presidential election . oddly enough , those who are working to establish ties between russia and trump have ties to the clintons , including matters related to uranium one . sydney powell at the daily caller ( mueller s hit squad covered for clinton and persecutes trump associates , december 6 ) outlines numerous connections between the lawyers who worked the mikerin bribery case and who today labor on the special counsel s trump investigatory team . among the relationships powell mentions , the first is the publicly admitted , close friendship between former fbi director james comey and former fbi director robert mueller , and their previous subordinates , rod rosenstein and andrew weissmann . deputy attorney general rod rosenstein named mueller as special counsel within seven days of comey s firing . in turn , mueller had a hand in placing mr . weissmann on the enron task force , allowing him to run rough - shod over most of houston , destroy arthur andersen llp and 85 , 000 jobs , and send four innocent merrill executives to prison in indictments for crimes he made up while he and his team hid the evidence that showed they were innocent . then there is mueller s protection of peter strzok , his lead investigator , who greatly assisted comey s effort to liberate hillary clinton from the legal consequences of her failure as secretary of state to protect u . s . national - security information via her infamous private server . weissmann s emailed praise and support for obama s deputy attorney general sally yates for her refusal to enforce president trump s travel ban further stirs the pot . ( yates claims she had to snitch on general flynn because his glancing reference to trump s intention to overturn obama s sanctions in a telephone conversation with russian ambassador kislyak days before trump was sworn in made him subject to blackmail . but that whole 145 million deal with the clinton foundation and the russian buyout of uranium one meh . ) on sunday , december 17 , true pundit posted a report on fbi deputy director andrew mccabe s years - long association with russian organized - crime figures and highly unusual front - running of investigations involving the boston bombers , the alleged iranian kidnapping of fbi agent robert levinson , and other cases involving russian figures normally left to lower - level field agents . such agents made up mccabe s various investigatory teams , but he did not share with them his findings nor any gleanings from his contacts with oleg deripaska , the multibillionaire victor in the bloody aluminum wars of the 1990 s , who figures prominently in mueller s indictment of paul manafort . add in mccabe s receipt of a 700 , 000 contribution to his wife s failed virginia state - senate campaign from virginia governor and longtime clinton operative , terry mcauliffe ( himself under investigation at the time ) ; mccabe s promotion of disgraced investigator peter strzok ; his links to democrat - linked fusion gps through his colleague , the recently demoted bruce ohr and his wife , nellie , a former fusion gps employee and cia spook , and team mueller looks like the tool of some very special interests , and not the immaculate public servants as advertised . for now , robert mueller s nearly year - long fruitless investigation of donald trump s alleged collaboration with russian officials rolls on . at this writing , it is off in the weeds of deutsche bank real - estate lending from a decade ago . yet the ultimate clinton scandal involves significant collusion with certain opportunistic russians , over the course of decades from the u . s . - organized and funded privatization debacle , to the 1998 imf - funded russian bond market collapse , to uranium one and represents an actual threat to american security and interests . source : < URL >
lego scrubs shuttle , tower of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next collectsPaCe . com lego will not be launching a fan - created model of nasa s space shuttle or selling a launch tower for its previously released saturn v rocket set . the toy company on monday ( jan . 22 ) reported it had rejected the nasa space shuttle ( saturn v scale ) by andrew harkins and the nasa saturn - v launch umbilical tower by valerie roche and emmanuel urquieta following the completion of its latest lego ideas product review . collectsPaCe features daily entries about space exploration history , plus news and information about space artifact exhibits . source : < URL > 0122181425
pence in israel . vice president mike pence is getting a warm reception in israel this week , in part because he brings news that the move of the u . s . embassy from tel aviv to jerusalem is ahead of schedule . jerusalem is israel s capital , pence said in a speech before the knesset , the israeli parliament . in the weeks ahead , our administration will advance its plan to open the u . s . embassy in jerusalem and the embassy will open by the end of next year . the vice president visited egypt and jordan before landing in israel on sunday evening . on monday , he had dinner with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu met with president reuven rivlin in jerusalem on tuesday . pro - life democrats at a pro - life event in chicago last week , democratic rep . dan lipinski spoke . he was the only democrat to do so . when the born - alive abortion survivors protection act passed the house of representatives on friday by a vote of 241 - 183 , only six democrats including lipinski voted for the bill . it s tough to be a pro - life democrat , and it s getting tougher . lipinski , a seven - term congressman , is getting serious primary opposition this year . in a rare move , two members of the illinois delegation have already endorsed lipinski s primary opponent . a poll released last week says that about 25 percent of democrats are pro - life , but you sure can t tell that by looking at the policies of the party . remembering lance sijan . lance sijan died 50 years ago this week , on jan . 22 , 1968 . his name is not well known to most americans , but air force academy graduates must commit his story to memory , as he is the only usafa graduate so far to receive the congressional medal of honor . in late 1967 his f - 4 was shot down over vietnam . sijan was badly wounded but nonetheless evaded capture for 46 days before being taken prisoner . following brutal torture , escape and recapture , and other remarkable acts of courage and heroism , sijan died in captivity . he was 25 years old . sijan was posthumously promoted to captain . in 1976 , president ford presented his family with his medal of honor . at the captain lance p . sijan plaza in his hometown of milwaukee is a monument with these words from the christian apologist g . k . chesterton : the true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him , but because he loves what is behind him . you can read more of his story here . to spank or not to spank . singer kelly clarkson attracted a firestorm of media attention when she said she occasionally spanked her 3 - year - old daughter . this celebrity news was often paired in the media with a recent study from the university of texas saying spanking is bad for kids . most americans , though , are siding with clarkson . the general social study found that two - thirds of americans agree with the statement , it is sometimes necessary to discipline a child with a good , hard spanking . according to world , spanking is legal in all 50 states . some states have restrictions on how parents can spank , and some states have outlawed spanking in schools , but no state has completely banned spanking at home .
pray for your pastor . for the colson center , i m john stonestreet with the point . in the old days , a couple facing marriage trouble talked to their pastor . then , that changed to the marriage counselor . today , as my pastor tells me , he s now third in line behind the counselor and the attorney . according to a gallup poll , clergy rank number 9 on the list of professionals americans trust the most : behind nurses , military officers , grade school teachers , medical doctors , pharmacists , police officers , day - care providers , and judges . only 25 percent of non - christians view clergy as ethical and trustworthy . and only 48 percent of christians view them that way there are many reasons for this , but as bill brown , head of our colson fellows program told me : pastors are held to a higher standard if they fall into sin . . . while there is forgiveness and restoration , they will be marked by it for the rest of their lives . . . that s why we serve with fear and trembling . just another reason why we should pray for our pastors .
the legacy of the reformation as we have seen in the previous articles in this series , the reformation had a profound and positive impact on . . read more
the beginning of the year is a good time to reassess our spiritual practices , to make adjustments to the disciplines we already do , and to adopt new ones to help us grow in our relationship with god . in the previous article , we looked at prayer and particularly the use of the lord s prayer . in this article we will look at the largely neglected practice of fasting . our self - indulgent culture does not see the point in fasting , and even many christians put forward objections : it s unhealthy , it s legalistic , what we eat has no bearing on our spiritual lives as long as we eat with thankfulness , and a host of other arguments about why it isn t necessary or even . and while there are elements of truth in some of these objections , the deeper reality is that fasting has been a part of biblical religion for millennia . fasting in history the old testament contains numerous examples of fasting . these take a variety of forms and are done for various purposes , such as mourning sin ( e . g . lev . 16 : 29 - 31 , dan . 9 : 3 ) , seeking divine favor ( e . g . 2 sam . 12 : 6 , esther 4 : 16 ) , and for understanding the times ( dan . 10 : 3 cf . 10 : 12 ) . in the new testament , jesus fasted and he expected his followers to fast as well : note that in the sermon on the mount , he gives instructions for when , not if , you fast ( matt . 6 : 16 ) . in the first century church , believers fasted every wednesday and friday from dawn until 3 : 00 pm . the catholic and orthodox worlds have practiced fasting as well . these fasts , often of longer duration , generally involve in abstaining from certain foods , such as the old catholic practice of not eating meat on fridays . the entire season of lent and advent are traditionally spent in this kind of fast . although protestants have practiced fasting , it has never been a major part of protestant spirituality . early protestants reacted against it as an unscriptural imposition by the catholic church . we see this in the affair of the sausages that signaled the beginning of the swiss reformation ( 1522 ) . while some high church protestants such as anglo - catholics retain fasts within the church calendar , most protestants have effectively rejected fasting as legalism , in part out of reaction to the rigid rules for fasting in the traditional catholic church . while some individuals have continued the practice , it has fallen by the wayside for the average christian in the western world . in the global south , the region we used to call the developing world , fasting is a much more regular part of christian life , and these are the areas where we see the fastest growth of the gospel . for example , in some regions in africa where god s kingdom is advancing with power , christians fast every wednesday , breaking their fast in the evening together at a prayer meeting / bible study . so , fasting has been practiced throughout church history and is currently a basic christian discipline in the areas of the world where christianity is growing the quickest and having its greatest impact . the question is , why what is the purpose of fasting what are its benefits why fast fasting can have positive effects on all levels of life . physically , caloric restriction has been tied to longevity , and fasting gives our digestive system a rest . when we are digesting food , the body increases blood flow to the digestive organs to absorb nutrients . fasting allows that blood flow to be redirected to the brain , and many people report increased mental clarity and focus while fasting . fasting also can help us increase in discipline . in college , i regularly did a 36 hour fast from thursday dinner to saturday breakfast , and i found that i was far more focused and productive with my time the entire week . the self - control required for habitual fasting had a positive effect on my level of self - control in the rest of my life . on a spiritual level , fasting allows more time for prayer and kingdom work we might not otherwise be able to do , since we have freed up the time we would have spent in preparing and eating food . although we usually think of fasting only in relation to prayer , in luke 2 : 37 and acts 13 : fasting is associated with worship as well , reminding us that its purpose is to help us to connect with god . fasting brings us face to face with our radical dependence on god . we have so much stuff and so many resources available to us that it is very easy to rely on these things to carry us through difficult times . voluntarily stepping away from food reminds us that man does not live by bread alone , but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of god . fasting disciplines both our souls and bodies appetites , desires , and use of time . it reminds us that our priorities in life are always to be spiritual , and it can help to increase our dependence on the lord in bringing our bodies into submission to him . as we learn dependence on god , our power in prayer and our authority over spiritual forces grows as well . jesus tells us that some kinds of demons will only come out with prayer and fasting ( matt . 17 : 21 ) . beyond dealing with the demonic , fasting and prayer is essential preparation for ministry : jesus fasted before beginning his ministry , as did leaders in the early church . the reason for this is again connected to spiritual power . shodankeh johnson , head of new harvest international ministry in sierra leone , west africa , believes that weekly , corporate fasting is essential for spiritual breakthroughs . this has been confirmed in the experience of mission agencies that have followed shodankeh s advice on this . learning to fast consult with your doctor before engaging in fasting , particularly if you have any medical conditions or are on any medications . scripture lists several approaches to fasting , ranging from abstaining from certain foods to abstaining from both food and drink ( including water ) for up to three days . fasts in the bible last from a single day to up to 40 days . given the range of options , there are almost certainly types of fasting you can engage in safely . minors should also not fast without medical approval and close supervision . if there are no medical conditions involved , here are suggestions to get you started . start small . don t plan on a 40 day fast consuming water only . you can always work your way up to more rigorous fasts if you feel yourself led to do that . the easiest way to begin is with either a dawn to dusk fast or a 24 - hour fast . if you choose the latter , don t be legalistic about the time ; the idea is to go from dinner to dinner without eating . for example , when you finish dinner on tuesday , do not eat again until wednesday dinner . you can extend this to 36 hours , so dinner tuesday to breakfast thursday , if you like , but it is probably best to start with the 24 - hour fast . you may drink during the day . juice , broth , coffee , etc . , are all ok , or you may choose to drink only water or water and tea with nothing in it ( i . e . non - caloric drinks ) . be aware that you may get headaches from coffee . i do not recommend diet sodas , however , as the artificial sweeteners produce the same insulin response as sugar , which may make your fast considerably more difficult . vitamins , etc . , are fine to take as well if you d like . you can and should be flexible about how you get started . see how you respond and adjust from there . some people will find the 24 - or 36 - hour water fast very easy ; others will barely make it through a 24 - hour juice fast . the important point is to start somewhere and adjust as needed . eventually you will find an approach that you can practice consistently . once you become habituated to that , you may make additional adjustments as well . if there are medical reasons that prevent you from fasting from food , consider fasting from something else , e . g . electronic media , television , or anything that will help remind you to turn your thoughts to god and of your dependence on him . or consider giving up desserts , alcohol , caffeine , meat , eggs , dairy . there is undoubtedly something you could fast from . it s only temporary , after all . the new year s challenge i know of no one and no ministry that is not looking for spiritual breakthroughs this year . commit yourself to a one - day a week , 24 - hour fast , and invite others in your church , ministry , small group , etc . , to join you . ideally , you could meet to break the fast together with bible study and prayer as is done in west africa , but even if that is not possible , try the fast , take it seriously , and see if some of the benefits described above , including spiritual breakthroughs , happen in your life and ministry .
warren cole smith is growing the colson center s reach and impact by creating partnerships with key christian leaders and strategic christian organizations around the country . warren previously served as vice president of world news group , publisher of world magazine and has more than 30 years of experience as a writer , editor , marketing professional , and entrepreneur . before launching a career in christian journalism 20 years ago , smith spent more than seven years as the marketing director at pricewaterhousecoopers . as a journalist , smith has written thousands of articles on a wide range of topics . he wrote nearly 1000 articles for world magazine during his tenure there , including cover stories and major features . he has also written for alaska magazine , the charlotte observer , the savannah morning news , sports afield , patheos , and the stream , among many other publications . smith is also the author , co - author , or editor of more than 10 books . with dr . marvin olasky , he co - wrote prodigal press : confronting the anti - christian bias of the american news media . his most recent book is a collaboration with colson center president john stonestreet : restoring all things : god s audacious plan to change the world through everyday people . warren hosts the radio program and podcast listening in , an interview program heard by thousands of people each week . he speaks often at churches , conferences , and other christian and political events . these speeches have included presentations to the gospel music association , the conservative political action committee , the heritage foundation , national conference on christian apologetics , new canaan society , summit ministries , the world congress of families , and the evangelical press association , in addition to hundreds of speeches at local and regional events . he has appeared on c - span s booktv , fox news , cbs news , the new york times , the washington post , and npr , among other national and international media outlets .
to paraphrase mark twain , reports of the rift between science and christianity have been greatly exaggerated . scientist richard dawkins , the combative author of the god delusion , has said , faith can be very , very dangerous , and deliberately to implant it into the vulnerable mind of an innocent child is a grievous wrong . i wonder why the good doctor doesn t just go ahead and tell us how he really feels seeing such vitriolic quotes from high - profile scientists such as dr . d , it s no wonder that so many christians believe that most scientists hate god , christians , and religious faith . the good news is , it is simply not true that s according to a fascinating new book , religion vs . science : what religious people really think , by elaine howard ecklund of rice university and christopher scheitle of west virginia university . as reported in christianity today , ecklund and scheitle found that , based on data from a nationally representative survey of 10 , 000 americans , evangelicals are just as likely as most americans to count scientists as close friends but they tend to assume their friends are the exceptions , that most scientists want nothing to do with them . and while only 40 percent of all scientists say they believe in god , and about half have no religious affiliation , ecklund and scheitle found that a full 65 percent of those working in practical scientific fields such as medicine and engineering identify as christians , including 24 percent as evangelicals . apparently there s a link between faith traditions that emphasize helping other people and the kinds of professions that actually do so who knew down through the centuries , of course , christians have been eager to help the sick and many of us have taken to heart god s call to be his stewards in the world , caring for and developing his creation , so these figures are no surprise . we re not doing quite as well in the basic and more theoretical sciences , however . ecklund and scheitle suspect there isn t as strong a connection between our religious values and basic science , observing , [ i ] t would be easier to see new medical discoveries as spiritually connected to the ideals of faith than it would be to see new scientific discoveries as promoting faith ideas . but of course the connection between scientific discovery and a christian worldview is as strong as an electric current running through water . years ago , chuck colson reminded us that many of the great scientists of history copernicus in astronomy and newton in physics , among them made epochal discoveries while operating out of a christian worldview . that worldview says that god created the universe out of nothing , that he has set up a series of observable , rational laws to govern it , and that mankind male and female has been created in his image with the god - given ability to discover things about the physical world and bring order and blessing to it . as the eminent historian rodney stark has written , christian theology was necessary for the rise of science . indeed yes , sometimes certain modern scientific trends and spokespeople have anti - religious agendas . but let s never fear the battle , remembering that when we engage in science , we are firmly on our heavenly father s home turf . ecklund and scheitle , for their part , suggest that our churches should take a more active role in recognizing and promoting science as a calling from god . they say that the church needs faith leaders to celebrate the scientists within their congregations , and they need these scientists to speak out about how scientific knowledge is not a threat to their faith . so while the rift between science and faith may have been greatly exaggerated , we still have some work to do . scientists and christianity : it s not what you may think scientific pursuit and faith in christ are not mutually exclusive , as eric has pointed out . click on the links below for further discussion of scientists and christianity .
when the rebel guys attempted to buy ad space on facebook to promote the film s premiere , facebook turned them down . without giving any reason . they edited the proposed ad five times but it was still declined by facebook . join the rebel filmmakers for the premiere screening of save the christians : the forgotten refugees . take part in this first access look into the lives of iraqi christians who , under threat of death from isis , were forced to flee their ancestral homeland .
things took an interesting turn on capitol hill in the ongoing drama and controversy of government transparency after cnn reported several sources alleged the house intelligence committee has refused to hand over a classified house intel memo after a request from senate intelligence committee chairman richard burr s staff requested a copy . the memo in question is a classified document created by rep . devin nunes ( r - ca ) that republicans are swearing reveals evidence that points to a scandal worse than watergate . cnn described the memo briefly : the four - page nunes memo alleges that the fbi withheld information from the fisa court judge who approved warrants on donald trump s team , including former campaign foreign policy adviser carter page . democrats claim the document is misleading . republicans are pushing for the memo to be released to the general public as soon as possible . senate judiciary committee chairman chuck grassley commented : based on what i know , i agree that as much of this information should be made public as soon as possible through the appropriate process . however , the house intelligence committee has kept the memo under wraps . along with the senate intelligence committee , the house intelligence committee has denied requests from the fbi and the justice department . npr reported there is no actual law that would be cause for the release of the memo , and republicans may decide to keep it classified for political reasons . but there is no requirement in law or other forcing function that would mandate the memo be released . and republicans could calculate that their political hand is stronger if they can discuss the cards they re holding without revealing them . npr also noted republicans allege the memo was a move on the part of the obama administration to conduct a politically motivated investigation . the baseline allegation appears to be that the obama administration used surveillance tools to target the trump campaign and that the russia probe is at root a politically motivated investigation . not only has the memo caught the attention of senators , it has caught the attention of americans as they managed to get the hashtag campaign releasethememo going . cnn reported it was spurred by a multitude of twitter accounts that were set up within the past week . along with that , several congressional members took to twitter calling for the memo to be released . earlier this morning , i examined the classified , four - page memo from houseintelcomm regarding the fbi , doj , and the so - called russiancollusion . to put it simply , wow . i joined the call to releasethememo . americans deserve truth and transparency . after reviewing the memo , i believe it is in the best interest of our nation that it be released to the public . the american people deserve to know the truth about the troubling information contained in this document . releasethememo there has been a real attempt to undermine this president it comes from the scariest of places . the key reason all americans need to see this memo is that it names names . why don t the democrats want the american people to know the truth releasethememo democrats , however , have little to say about the memo that could be considered good . sen . mark warner ( d - Va ) commented : i have not seen the memo , but i think it is sloppy , careless , and again , i think has no grounding in fact . it s been reported the president is leaning towards the decision to release the memo ; however , white house officials have denied he has made any concrete decision . featured image by mark wilson / getty images .
maybe donald trump s first campaign chairman , paul manafort , should fire his attorneys . it seems that they accidentally filed a document in court that indicated something big was going on inside of manafort s business . the attorneys filed a one - page memo in with a normal scheduling motion . that document was apparently prepared by an investigator or one of the defense attorneys . the document was called doj , osc and the press . it seemed , that its purpose was to build support for the defense . poLitico reported that there was : improper contacts between the prosecution team now headed by special counsel robert mueller and the media . manafort started his firm , davis manafort partners international . the document indicated that somehow a journalist received copies of the company s internal documents . manafort s firm worked with russian and ukrainian oligarchs . mueller has been particularly interested in those dealings due to potential collusion between trump s campaign and russia during the 2016 presidential election . manafort traveled to the ukraine 138 times , according to business insider . according to the memo , one of the firm s staffers let a reporter look at the company s computerized records on the same date that prosecutors got their affidavit for a seizure warrant last october . the document used the standard fbi acronym for a confidential source , poLitico reported : in the winter of 2017 ( sic 2016 ) employee of dmi cs - 1 permitted the reporter to view material on a hard drive copy of dmi s electronic files . government obtained warrant for the hard drive . the memo that was included along with the intended documents does not list any specific journalist . however , it does include the associated press and a mention of one of its articles on april 12 , 2017 . that story wrote that the dmi s records included some sort of alleged payments to manafort that ukrainians recorded in the black ledger . ukrainian anti - corruption investigators retrieved this ledger . the associated press article was bylined by jack gillum , chad day , and jeff horwitz . it read : financial records newly obtained by the associated press confirm that at least 1 . 2 million in payments listed in the ledger next to manafort s name were actually received by his u . s . consulting firm . according to poLitico : citing the same seizure warrant affidavit , the notes filed by manafort s defense team also relates that the associated press gave maloni copies of two memos manafort wrote to a ukranian oligarch in 2005 about work for ukraine s party of regions . the defense filing suggests the memos came from the one of the reporters who wrote the april 12 ap story . a spokesperson for manafort , jason maloni , had no comment about the apparent leak , and manafort s lead defense attorney , kevin downing , refused to reply to a message from poLitico asking for a comment . typically , the spokesperson for the mueller team s office did not give a comment either . manafort and his business partner at dmi , rick gates , were both indicted by mueller on october 27 , 2017 . the charges included failing to register as foreign lobbyists and money laundering . after the men entered not guilty pleas , the judge assigned them to house arrest . at this time , no trial date has been indicated . featured image via getty images / alex wong .
flowing like a pink river , scores of women in their trademark headgear marched all over the world , just as they did a year ago . carrying signs with urgent messages , the generations took to the streets to bring attention to the many concerns women bear . a few men marched , also . over the past year , the dam holding back accumulated grievances has broken . women are insulted at being paid less ; women are outraged by the sexual harassment they have endured ; women are wearied from the power differential they experience in nearly every sphere . women believe that they have a rightful claim to be treated equally . women vote ; women are breadwinners ; and women are gifted for governing , especially in this fractious time when male egos pose barriers to compromise for the common good . it is past time for recalibrating the calculus of gender in the workplace , the public square , the home and the church . some have suggested that this is nothing short of a revolution , and the sensitivities these marches are stoking are having an impact on the social landscape . men are examining their actions , what they say , and maybe even some of their assumptions about women . this past week i happened to arrive at the mailbox at the same time the regular carrier was there . he said , i owe you an apology for something i said to you last summer . i was puzzled and asked , for what he recalled having remarked that i looked hot ; i recall that it was a very warm day . he was concerned that he had offended me . it was not a sexual flirtation , and i did not take it as such . yet the fact that he interrogated himself about the possible misunderstanding and then brought it up after several months speaks volumes about the growing sensitivity to how the genders interact . the threshold of pain is palpable in our national psyche . the unrelenting cycle of threatening breaking news wears down our capacity for compassion , hope and patience . yet , pain can be a fertile soil for seeds to sprout and new life to come . as mary tyler moore put it , pain nourishes courage . you can t be brave if you ve only had wonderful things happen to you . she is right , and our times call for courage . the patriarchal chaos of the presidency has prompted an unprecedented number of women to run for public office . black women , in particular , are leading the way , astonished that the majority of white women voted for the current president . women contend that their voices are required to bring good governance to the regnant system , all but broken . yet women are often the brunt of jokes in the old boys club of the senate or the house , seen as interlopers to be tolerated but not welcomed as colleagues . the deal - cutting usually excludes them . further , statehouses hold few women governors ; as of 2017 , 22 states have never had a female . as a new york times article put it sunday , gender can alienate as well as energize . levels of education , race , whether a woman is rural or urban , all contribute to the possibility that gender concerns can galvanize an ongoing movement or not . even though the hard work of gender equality in modern times began in the 60 s , it is not finished . rarely do persons voluntarily relinquish power , and the pressure is building . while other women were marching , i was meeting with members of central baptist theological seminary s women s leadership initiative and their mentors for training on how to address race and justice issues . that will be part of the necessary work ahead as we find ways to work together for a more just society , not expecting black women to carry a disproportionate burden for making things right . there is much to do beyond marching as i attended a martin luther king jr . rally last week , i observed that there was a concerted effort to get people registered to vote . this most basic civic privilege is often thought to be a futile pursuit , especially when districts are shifted and new forms of identification required . voting remains a critical expression of voice and power , as the recent defeat of roy moore at the hands of women , primarily black , demonstrates . scholarly writers and common parlance suggest that the future belongs to women . i agree if it is a balancing of power that ensures safety in the workplace , equality in compensation , and new value accorded to the leadership practices that women bring . globally , girls still lag behind in educational opportunities , as malala has so courageously brought to the world s attention . educating women and girls raises the level of the whole community , as the findings of many studies document . gender equality is even a more urgent issue for developing nations , and those with privilege wisely join in advocating for them . together , we march into the future .
subscribe to canada free press for free releasethememo , findthetexts release the memo at the state of the union address the undercover sabotage and fbi gamesmanship during 2016 s presidential campaign runs much deeper than the secret society that threw in with the clinton campaign to fund a discredited dirty dossier used to justify the fisa warrants allowing the obama administration to spy on the trump campaign right from the white house . peter strzok and his mistress lisa page , are the two top fbi officials directly involved in hillary clinton s exoneration , the russian dossier , the phony collusion investigation , the secret society , and the insurance policy . ( news . com . au ) yet other than in stories of the recent secret society revelation , strzok mistress page has absolutely no presence to speak of on the internet . google it and see for yourself that page has no wikipedia entry and were it not for her association with strzok , would likely have remained an online unknown . how is this even possible for a top fbi official who was dragged out into the public forum for her participation in a secret society that came up with an insurance policy seeking to get rid of donald trump should he ever be elected not only is page well hidden behind an internet wall , worse still , it has just come out that the agency for which she works has somehow managed to disappear five months worth of texts between she and her lover peter strzok . how appropriate was it for two agents engaged in an extra marital affair to have helped pass on the fusion gps dirty dossier centred on the golden shower to the special counsel probing the russian collusion scandal the four - page classified document said to contain jaw - dropping details about how the fbi goes about its surveillance these days should be released pronto . these were not just big - talking bloggers who worked out an insurance policy against the president of the united states , but seasoned , highly - placed fbi agents . what good is a document that unearths the truth no matter how frightening if the first rule of the memo is that you can t talk about the memo the secret memo was written by staffers for republican devin nunes , the chairman of the house intelligence committee . out with it , devin nunes unless you were planning to have it first titillate the masses before having it mothballed . the four - page document is said to contain claims federal officials abused a us surveillance program to target and undermine the trump campaign . three people who viewed the document told politico it raises questions about how the fbi handled a decision to surveil trump adviser carter page , and whether the infamous golden shower steele dossier played a role in the decision . ( news . com . au ) golden shower author christopher steele is mia , main players hillary clinton and barack obama suddenly gone mum , yet the discredited dossier they circulated is still doing the rounds , and their fbi - mounted big nothing - burger called the - russians - stole - the - election conspiracy incredibly still out there , too . chair of a group that is holding closed - door hearings on russian interference in the 2016 elections , nunes has already interviewed high level trump staffers like steve bannon , and communications director hope hicks is due to be quizzed on friday . continued below . . . how about grilling strzok and page how about grilling strzok and page meanwhile , while robert mueller pal jim comey is teaching a college course on ethics and quoting himself on twitter , releasethememo and findthetexts are trending online . if the memo is not released by january 30 th , president trump should take up jack posobiec s suggestion in today s tweet : at the state of the union , trump should walk up and say , i had a big speech all planned but instead i ve decided to read out this four page memo jack posobiec ( jackposobiec ) january 25 , 2018 copyright canada free press rss feed for judi mcleod judi mcleod is an award - winning journalist with 30 years experience in the print media . a former toronto sun columnist , she also worked for the kingston whig standard . her work has appeared on rush limbaugh , newsmax . com , drudge report , foxnews . com . older articles by judi mcleod please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned . as a privately owned website , we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time . comments that contain spam , advertising , vulgarity , threats of violence , racism , anti - semitism , or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban . - - follow these instructions on registering
the us conference of mayors was invited to the white house for a discussion about infrastructure . yet just prior to the meeting , trump s department of justice sent out letters to 23 so - called sanctuary cities , threatening them if they do not comply with the federal deportation agenda . now , new orleans mayor mitch landrieu , the president of the us conference of mayors , is backing out of the meeting , saying that the trump administration is attempting to start a discussion under false pretenses . he and other mayors have indicated they doubt a meeting with trump will be productive . cnn reports , landrieu told reporters in washington that he would not go to the meeting under false pretenses , complaining that the meeting is supposed to focus on infrastructure but that the justice department s sanctuary cities move changed the equation . an attack on one of our cities mayors who is following the constitution is an attack on all of us . i will not be attending that meeting , he said . cities around the nation have chosen not to cooperate with trump s administration when it comes to immigrant communities . the trump administration expects them to share information that will help deport those who are here without documentation , but cities argue that overenforcement of immigration laws by local police is detrimental to preventing crime . indeed , under hardline anti - immigrant sheriff joe arpaio , violent crimes , sexual assaults , and attacks against children all rose as he dedicated his department to hunting immigrants , despite a national decline in violent crime during that time . not only that , but immigrant communities who are scared of law enforcement are less likely to cooperate as witnesses , making it more difficult to catch the actual criminals . as immigrant communities actually commit crime at a lower rate than natives , the effect of that cannot be overstated . landrieu is not the only mayor who is now refusing to attend the meeting and they re not all democrats . cnn goes on to report , new york city s de blasio also tweeted that he would not attend . i will not be attending today s meeting at the white house after realdonaldtrump s department of justice decided to renew their racist assault on our immigrant communities , he wrote . it doesn t make us safer and it violates america s core values . at least one republican mayor has decided not to attend the event . a spokesperson for the us conference of mayors also told cnn that elizabeth kautz , the republican mayor of burnsville , minnesota , has declined the invite due to the justice department . kautz is a past president of the us conference of mayors . trump s administration argues that the lack of cooperation from cities puts people in danger , but that s not the reality . what it actually does is protect immigrants who do not have documents and are not commiting crimes . trump doesn t care whether those he deports are criminals or not trump s ice is raiding workplaces , busses , and activists . trump himself pulled protections for the dreamers , who have been here since children and are more american than he is in many ways . he s attacked refugees and those here legally as well as those who came here without documents . the real goal is to deport everyone he can that isn t white . the trump admin has no problem with russian birth tourists , and trump has said he d rather have immigrants from norway . whyever could that be featured image via mike theiler - pool / getty images
donald trump recently froze 125 million in u . s . funding for uNrWa unless and until the palestinians stop using uNrWa - funded schools to incite students by promoting violence against israel and its jewish citizens . as everyone knows , that will never happen , so it s time to cut them for good . right now , only the u . s and europe funds [ ]
here s something strange , the afterglow from last year s kilonova is continuing to brighten headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next in august of 2017 , a major breakthrough occurred when scientists at the laser interferometer gravitational - wave observatory ( ligo ) detected gravitational waves that were believed to be caused by the collision of two neutron stars . this source , known as gw170817 / grb , was the first gravitational wave ( gw ) event that was not caused by the merger of two black holes , and was even believed to have led to the formation of one . as such , scientists from all over the world have been studying this event ever since to learn what they can from it . for example , according to a new study led by the mcgill space institute and department of physics , gw170817 / grb has shown some rather strange behavior since the two neutron stars colliding last august . instead of dimming , as was expected , it has been gradually growing brighter . the study that describes the team s findings , titled brightening x - ray emission from gw170817 / grb 170817 a : further evidence for an outflow , recently appeared in the astrophysical journal letters . the study was led by john ruan of mcgill university s space institute and included members from the canadian institute for advanced research ( cifar ) , northwestern university , and the leicester institute for space and earth observation . chandra images showing the x - ray afterglow of the gw170817 / grb event . credit : nasa / cxc / mcgill university / j . ruan et al . for the sake of their study , the team relied on data obtained by nasa s chandra x - ray observatory , which showed that the remnant has been brightening in the x - ray and radio wavelengths in the months since the collision took place . as daryl haggard , an astrophysicist with mcgill university whose research group led the new study , said in a recent chandra press release : usually when we see a short gamma - ray burst , the jet emission generated gets bright for a short time as it smashes into the surrounding medium then fades as the system stops injecting energy into the outflow . this one is different ; it s definitely not a simple , plain - jane narrow jet . what s more , these x - ray observations are consistent with radiowave data reported last month by another team of scientists , who also indicated that it was continuing to brighten during the three months since the collision . during this same period , x - ray and optical observatories were unable to monitor gw170817 / grb because it was too close to the sun at the time . however , once this period ended , chandra was able to gather data again , which was consistent with these other observations . as john ruan explained : when the source emerged from that blind spot in the sky in early december , our chandra team jumped at the chance to see what was going on . sure enough , the afterglow turned out to be brighter in the x - ray wavelengths , just as it was in the radio . collisions of neutron stars produce powerful gamma - ray bursts and heavy elements like gold ( credit : dana berry , skyworks digital , inc . ) this unexpected behavior has led to a serious buzz in the scientific community , with astronomers trying to come up with explanations as to what type of physics could be driving these emissions . one theory is a complex model for neutron star mergers known as cocoon theory . in accordance with this theory , the merger of two neutron stars could trigger the release of a jet that shock - heats the surrounding gaseous debris . this hot cocoon around the jet would glow brightly , which would explain the increase in x - ray and radiowave emissions . in the coming months , additional observations are sure to be made for the sake of confirming or denying this explanation . regardless of whether or not the cocoon theory holds up , any and all future studies are sure to reveal a great deal more about this mysterious remnant and its strange behavior . as melania nynka , another mcgill postdoctoral researcher and a co - author on the paper indicated , gw170817 / grb presents some truly unique opportunities for astrophysical research . this neutron - star merger is unlike anything we ve seen before , she said . for astrophysicists , it s a gift that seems to keep on giving . it is no exaggeration to say that the first - ever detection of gravitational waves , which took place in february of 2016 , has led to a new era in astronomy . but the detection of two neutron stars colliding was also a revolutionary accomplishment . for the first time , astronomers were able to observe such an event in both light waves and gravitational waves . in the end , the combination of improved technology , improved methodology , and closer cooperation between institutions and observatories is allowing scientists to study cosmic phenomena that was once merely theoretical . looking ahead , the possibilities seem almost limitless further reading : chandra x - ray observatory , the astrophysical journal letters the post here s something strange , the afterglow from last year s kilonova is continuing to brighten appeared first on universe today . source : < URL >
revisiting black nationalism and the national question economic disparities , police brutality , inequalities et al . go together with capitalism . i was privileged to learn from and work with harry haywood . most if not all readers of the black agenda report know his legacy and history in the black struggle . if not , please do so . he viewed blacks as an oppressed nation in the black belt south and an oppressed minority in the north . the black struggle demanded its independence for true liberation . haywood said that the merits of black nationalism required an independent course for the movement ; to shake off the dead hand of liberalism , paternalism , gradualism , and dependency . it needed a revolutionary program consistent with sentiments of the black masses . haywood ' s view necessitated that the black independent struggle for self - determination is necessary to connect with the revolutionary working - class movement to bring about u . s . socialism - - and to end black oppression . haywood said that it was not enough to just talk about whether you desire integration or separation . both maintain their issues . black nationalism isolated and detached does not bring about black liberation . turning money over to the black community that originates and stays in the black community is a pipe dream if you understand imperialism . developing black businesses as a way forward is yet another empty basket . different groupings and formations today have adopted pieces of haywood s worldview . black community organizing with only the aim of making things better is temporary at best . the movement to end police brutality is an example . malcolm x got it right . economic disparities , police brutality , inequalities et al . go together with capitalism . malcolm still did not say what must replace it . he was moving on that track . on the integration end , there continues to be a trend that wrongly places the black petty bourgeois at the helm . dissing trump and voting for bernie sanders draws us no closer to black liberation . how many of us think that we will obtain true equality through these methods we in the black left still grapple with trying to put black liberation on a proper course using black nationalism . different groupings and formations today have adopted pieces of haywood s worldview . i suggest that we thoroughly examine haywood s premise , and emulate it according to today s current environment . yes , building black anti - capitalist , anti - imperialist , and anti - racist formations put us in the right direction . getting together to do joint work around common goals remains essential , but is limited . it looks like we have to help to build or re - build the revolutionary working class movement . that is , if harry haywood s view is followed . as the most oppressed and the vanguard of the working class movement , we learned our lessons . why not apply them dr . morgan can be reached at [ email protected ] .
begun by chuck colson in 1991 as a daily radio broadcast , breakpoint provides a christian perspective on today s news and trends via radio , interactive media , and print . today breakpoint commentaries , co - hosted by eric metaxas and john stonestreet , air daily on more than 1 , 200 outlets with an estimated weekly listening audience of eight million people . the breakpoint . org features metaxas and stonestreet commentaries as well as columns and feature articles by leading christian writers , and " youth reads , " which offers a christian perspective on books for teens and preteens . on " breakpoint this week , " john stonestreet and co - host ed stetzer host a weekly conversation with leading christian writers and thinkers . these compelling discussions cover a wide variety of topics , but center on the issues shaping our culture . re : news gathers need - to - know news headlines , and the breakpoint blog equips visitors with a biblical perspective on a variety of issues and topics .
justice department demands documents and threatens to subpoena 23 jurisdictions as part of 8 u . s . c . 1373 compliance review the department of justice today sent the attached letters to 23 jurisdictions , demanding the production of documents that could show whether each jurisdiction is unlawfully restricting information sharing by its law enforcement officers with federal immigration authorities . all 23 of these jurisdictions were previously contacted by the justice department , when the department raised concerns about laws , policies , or practices that may violate 8 u . s . c . 1373 , a federal statute that promotes information sharing related to immigration enforcement and with which compliance is a condition of fy2016 and fy2017 byrne jag awards . the letters also state that recipient jurisdictions that fail to respond , fail to respond completely , or fail to respond in a timely manner will be subject to a department of justice subpoena . i continue to urge all jurisdictions under review to reconsider policies that place the safety of their communities and their residents at risk , said attorney general jeff sessions . protecting criminal aliens from federal immigration authorities defies common sense and undermines the rule of law . we have seen too many examples of the threat to public safety represented by jurisdictions that actively thwart the federal government s immigration enforcement enough is enough . failure to comply with section 1373 could result in the justice department seeking the return of fy2016 grants , requiring additional conditions for receipt of any fy2017 byrne jag funding , and / or jurisdictions being deemed ineligible to receive fy2017 byrne jag funding . the following jurisdictions received the document request today : chicago , illinois ; cook county , illinois ; new york city , new york ; state of california ; albany , new york ; berkeley , california ; bernalillo county , new mexico ; burlington , vermont ; city and county of denver , colorado ; fremont , california ; jackson , mississippi ; king county , washington ; lawrence , massachusetts ; city of los angeles , california ; louisville metro , kentucky ; monterey county , california ; sacramento county , california ; city and county of san francisco , california ; sonoma county , california ; watsonville , california ; west palm beach , florida ; state of illinois ; and state of oregon .
michigan two michigan state police troopers were struck by gunfire as they attempted to serve a warrant wednesday . wXYZ reported : according to police , the detective sergeant and trooper were executing the warrant related to a col case investigation in union township , near mt . pleasant . when troopers announced they were there before going inside , the suspect pulled out a long gun and started shooting . they were trying to take cover when the detective sergeant was shot in the chest and the trooper received a graze wound to the hand . the gunman is currently in a standoff with police somewhere on the property . the condition of the wounded officers was not immediately known .
a preliminary magnitude 5 . 7 earthquake hit central alaska wednesday afternoon , according to the united states geological survey . there were no immediate reports of damage . DEVELOPINg stORY
the new york city police department is asking for the public s assistance locating the following two individuals wanted for questioning in connection to a shooting / assault that occurred in manhattan within the confines of the midtown south precinct . details are as follows : it was reported to police that on sunday , january 21 , 2018 , at approximately 4 : 40 pm , in front of 34 west 31 st street , a 43 - year - old male victim was standing in front of this location when he was approached by two males . one of the males brandished a firearm and discharged several rounds at the victim . two additional bystanders were also struck by gunfire at the location and the males fled on foot eastbound on 31 st street . the 43 - year - old victim sustained a gunshot wound to the right shoulder , a 25 - year - old male sustained a gunshot wound to the left arm and the 29 - year - old male was shot in the back . all three victims were transported by Ems to bellevue hospital with non - life threatening injuries . the individuals wanted for questioning have been identified as follows : individual 1 : diouf makhtar 30 - year - old male described as approximately 6 ft tall and 170 lbs with black dreadlocks . individual 2 : brian johnson 29 - year - old male described as approximately 6 3 and 170 lbs , short black hair and last seen wearing red cap , camouflage jacket and blue jeans . anyone with information in regards to this incident is asked to call the nypd s crime stoppers hotline at 1 - 800 - 577 - tips ( 8477 ) or for spanish , 1 - 888 - 57 - pista ( 74782 ) . the public can also submit their tips by logging onto the crime stoppers website at www . nypdcRimEstoppERs . com or by texting their tips to 274637 ( cRimEs ) then enter tip577 . all calls are strictly confidential .
brooklyn district attorney eric gonzalez today announced that an off - duty new york city police officer has been arraigned on a 14 - count indictment in which he is charged with first - degree robbery and other charges for allegedly robbing a man of cash , jewelry and a cellphone at gunpoint and pistol - whipping him outside of a bushwick nightclub . district attorney gonzalez said , this defendant s alleged brazen and criminal behavior was in direct contradiction to the oath he took to protect and serve . he then allegedly made a deplorable situation worse by falsely accusing multiple individuals of robbing him . we will now seek to hold him accountable . the district attorney identified the defendant as anthony delacruz , 34 . he was arraigned today before brooklyn supreme court justice danny chun on a 14 - count indictment in which he is charged with two counts of first - degree robbery , two counts of second - degree robbery , one count of third - degree robbery , two counts of second - degree assault , one count of third - degree assault , one count of second - degree menacing , two counts of third - degree falsely reporting an incident , two counts of distinctive number ; form of number plates ; trailers , and one count of petit larceny . bail was set at 100 , 000 bond or 50 , 000 cash and the defendant , who was suspended today by the nypd following his arrest , was ordered to return to court on march 21 , 2018 . he faces up to 25 years in prison if convicted of the top count . the district attorney said that , according to the investigation , on may 28 , 2016 at approximately 3 : 30 a . m . , in the vicinity of wyckoff avenue and grove street , near the el mekkah bar and grill , officers responded to a 911 call for shots fired . responding officers were allegedly told by officer delacruz who did not initially identify himself as a police officer or state that he had fired his service weapon that he was off - duty and in his personal vehicle when he was surrounded by several individuals who stole his gold chain , rolex watch and a gold ring before fleeing . officer delacruz allegedly said that he then chased after the perpetrators and exchanged gunfire with them , firing his gun once and there were possibly two shots returned . while on scene , officer delacruz allegedly pointed to a group of people who he said were involved in the robbery . all were taken into custody , and video evidence taken from el mekkah definitively showed that none of the men identified by officer delacruz were involved in the alleged robbery . the men were visible on camera in a different location from where the alleged robbery occurred . the officer was taken to a hospital , where nypd personnel determined that he was not forthcoming about details , and not in possession of his shield while armed and therefore unfit for duty . upon further investigation , officer delacruz and an unidentified accomplice are allegedly captured on video confronting another man , whose identity is known to the district attorney , who was hiding behind a car . the video further shows officer delacruz allegedly pointing his service weapon at that man . furthermore , according to the investigation , the three men go off camera and when they return to camera view the unidentified accomplice is carrying clothing and sneakers and he and officer delacruz walk away . the victim can later be seen on camera dressed only in a t - shirt , boxer shorts and with no shoes . the victim was allegedly pistol - whipped by the defendant and dna recovered from the muzzle of the officer s gun belonged to the victim . a shell casing recovered on the scene matched the defendant s gun , the investigation found . during the course of the investigation , officer delacruz identified the pistol - whipped victim as one of the men who robbed him . charges that were filed in connection with that alleged incident were later dismissed .
john lear : interview 04 jan2018 recent tic tac sightings and secret pentagon program plus more project camelot ( video ) headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next john lear : interview 04 jan2018 re : recent tic tac sighting secret pentagon program + more video , proj . camelot project camelot streamed live on jan 4 , 2018 i will interview john lear regarding the tic tac sighting and secret pentagon program farmed out to robert bigelow s company . read this first : navy tic tac sighting : one of ours according to source kerry cassidy , project camelot < URL > word i have is that the tic tac sighting of craft plastered all over the news media are actually ours meaning belonging to the secret space program run by the u . s . and others . so it looks like they are only revealing our tech in a 13 year old story that they decided to release recently ( in oct - dec 2017 ) which then was picked up by nearly all mainstream american media . and yes , we know that they reversed engineered some if not all of the tech to build those craft from ets . . see my william tompkins interview for more on this . however , delonge and team and specifically luis elizondo , fmr director of programs to investigate unidentified aerial threats , usg ( cia ) and chris mellon , fmr deputy asst secretary of defense for intelligence , are misleading the public into thinking that this tictac sighting is of a ufo or for the unenlightened unidentified flying object or to use their words aerial threat . this is not true since it is actually built by us ( a fleet of such vehicles were actually seen ) and instead , ( according to my source ) it is a disclosure meant as a covert threat aimed to notify the chinese of what kind of tech we have ( dated back 13 years ) and a way of owning the disclosure narrative read more . < URL > kerry cassidy project camelot < URL > see more about the 13 year old alleged ufo sighting [ really a jet plane ] by the pilot which made the front page of the n . y . times in the pentagon program post : related : butlincat s blog : john lear interview 11 dec . 17 < URL > 12 dec 2017 - henry makow , linda moulton - howe , dan burisch , webster tarpley , brother nathaniel , timothy good , miles johnson , jim marrs , john hutchison , wikileaks , julian assange , dr . john hall , edward snowden , vladimir putin , john lennon , bob zimmerman + many more who can only be described as heroes . < URL > 13 may 2017 - i went back to interview john lear who has been an old favorite interview of project camelot s audience . he has had some health issues but is still going strong and wanted to talk all night this is the first of three parts brief bio : john lear is a retired airline captain and former cia pilot , as well as the son of < URL > 3 jun 2015 - john lear and kerry cassidy speaking from a project camelot interview 2011 . . . reupload b . fair use notice : this item may contain copyrighted ( ) material . such material is made available to advance understanding of ecological , political , human rights , economic , democracy , scientific , moral , < URL > 7 nov 2017 - this blog is for regular updates + info connected to the illuminati , 911 , 7 / 7 , recent ufo sightings , chemtrails , morgellons [ 98 of worlds population has morgellons disease , they claim ] , mind control { mk ultra . manneQuin etc . } , electronic surveillance , john lear you ve visited this page 3 times . last visit : 15 / 12 / 17 < URL > 25 jul 2017 - i talk with john lear about his situation and all things secret space join us donate or email john at johnlear cox . net . john is having health and financial issues and now his mortgage has doubled he and his wife do not have air conditioning working in their house and live in vegas where it is over fair use notice : this item may contain copyrighted ( ) material . such material is made available to advance understanding of ecological , political , human rights , economic , democracy , scientific , moral , ethical , and social justice issues . this constitutes a fair use of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the us copyright law . in accordance with title 17 u . s . c . section 107 , this material is distributed for analysis , commentary , educational and intellectual purposes . in some cases comedy and parody have been recognized as fair use . creative commons attribution - noncommercial - sharealike 3 . 0 unported license . for more information please visit : < URL > nb : disclaimer : everything posted on this site conforms to the meaning of the word alleged as defined under uk and us laws and statutes .
a new kind of propulsion system that doesn t need propellant . it converts electricity into thrust and vice versa . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next some of the best things in science are elegant and simple . a new propulsion system being developed in spain is both those things , and could help solve a growing problem with earth s satellites : the proliferation of space junk . researchers at universidad carlos iii de madrid ( uc3m ) and the universidad polit cnica de madrid ( upm ) in spain are patenting a new kind of propulsion system for orbiting satellites that doesn t use any propellant or consumables . the system is basically a tether , in the form of an aluminum tape a couple kilometers long and a couple inches wide , that trails out from the satellite . the researchers call it a space tie . this is a disruptive technology because it allows one to transform orbital energy into electrical energy and vice versa without using any type of consumable . gonzalo s nchez arriaga , uc3m . the lightweight space tie is rolled up during launch , and once the satellite is in orbit , it s deployed . once deployed , the tape can either convert electricity into thrust , or thrust into electricity . the spanish researchers behind this say that the space - ties will be used in pairs . the system is based on what is called a low - work - function tether . a special coating on the tether has enhanced electron emission properties on receiving sunlight and heat . these special properties allow it to function in two ways . this is a disruptive technology because it allows one to transform orbital energy into electrical energy and vice versa without using any type of consumable , said gonzalo s nchez arriaga , ram n y cajal researcher at the bioengineering and aerospace engineering department at uc3m . as a satellite loses altitude and gets closer to earth , the tether converts that thrust - caused - by - gravity into electricity for the spacecraft systems to use . when it comes to orbiting facilities like the international space station ( iss ) , this tether system could solve an annoying problem . every year the iss has to burn a significant amount of propellant to maintain its orbit . the tether can generate electricity as it moves closer to earth , and this electricity could replace the propellant . with a low - work function tether and the energy provided by the solar panel of the iss , the atmospheric drag could be compensated without the use of propellant , said arriaga . unlike current propulsion technologies , the low - work function tether needs no propellant and it uses natural resources from the space environment such as the geomagnetic field , the ionospheric plasma and the solar radiation . gonzalo s nchez arriaga , uc3m . for satellites with ample on - board power , the tether would operate in reverse . it would use electricity to provide thrust to the space craft . this is especially useful to satellites near the end of their operational life . rather than languish in orbit for a long time as space junk , the derelict satellite could be forced to re - enter earth s atmosphere where it would burn up harmlessly . the space - tie system is based on what s called lorentz drag . lorentz drag is an electrodynamic effect . ( electrodynamics enthusiasts can read all about it here . ) i won t go too deeply into it because i m not a physicist , but the spanish researchers suggest that the lorentz drag can be easily observed by watching a magnet fall through a copper tube . here s a video . space organizations have shown interest in the low - work - function tether , and the spanish team is getting the word out to experts in the usa , japan , and europe . the next step is the manufacture of prototypes . the biggest challenge is its manufacturing because the tether should gather very specific optical and electron emission properties , says s nchez arriaga . the spanish ministry of economy , industry and competitiveness has awarded the spanish team a grant to investigate materials for the system . the team has also submitted a proposal to the european commission s future and emerging technologies ( fet - open ) consortium for funding . the fet - open project would be foundational because it considers the manufacturing and characterization of the first low - work - function tether and the development of a deorbit kit based on this technology to be tested on a future space mission . if funded , it would be a stepping stone to the future of low - work - function tethers in space sanchez arriaga concluded . in this video , gonzalo sanchez arriaga explains how the system works . if you don t speak spanish , just turn on subtitles . the post a new kind of propulsion system that doesn t need propellant . it converts electricity into thrust and vice versa . appeared first on universe today . source : < URL >
the archon invasion , they re here headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next dear infected and afflicted , we are the dropouts . we are ephraim gregory nicholas romanov rasputin moscovitch , fourth generation descendant of the formerly secret romanov / rasputin bloodline and colonel ryan j . arlington , former engineer for a u . s . a . army unit based in a secret deep underground military base , the location of which will remain secret , for now . ephraim dropped out of high school and colonel arlington went awol . dropouts all have their personal reasons for dropping out and the shared realization of corruption . high school dropouts may lack the vocabulary to adequately explain dropping out , but are often the most astute at sensing corruption reasoning dropping out . the indoctrination of the postmodern public education system restricts thinking and inhibits communication . only after dropping out could ephraim effectively communicate his reasons for doing so . dropouts know something is wrong , if only intuitively , and exit . dropouts frequently lack the education , diluted with martial training and the prescribed vocabulary thereof , to be able to properly explain themselves , but dropouts know . scholastic bureaucracy was built for multiplication of human monoculture and employment of teachers rather than enlightenment of students . because of indoctrination rather than instruction , ephraim dropped out . all dropouts know something is wrong , intuitively or exactly , and perform the only moral act at their disposal , leave . after dropping out , one begins answering questions about the immersion in dehumanization , whether through school or the military . dropouts are people whose morality and curiosity engages , increases so much they have to answer the questions that arise as to corruption , people who realize the overall wrong and cease participation in it as much as humanly possible . colonel ryan j . arlington dropped out from the upper echelon of the global military industrial complex , much later in life and from a much higher position than ephraim , but because of corruption the same . the colonel was a high level operative whose clearance was so high , he didn t have an official clearance , nor did he have a rank or serial number , nor was his unit named , nor is their base known publicly . the unit operates so secretively there is no official record of it or the colonel at all . for the colonel to dropout he had to go awol and live on the lamb permanently , while ephraim had to face the stigma of being constantly labeled uneducated and unofficial . being a dropout requires one actively surmount such obstacles . dropouts cannot be lazy , contrary to popular opinion . currently we are being hunted down by the very global military industrial complex to which the colonel gave over thirty years of his life to , because we are dropouts who know . we are being hunted because we know secrets , to be specific , we hold the most diabolical series of secrets to ever concern humanity . because of the secrets we know about the threats to humanity , our existence is threatened . because our existence is threatened in multiplicity , we are revealing our secrets now . dropouts are far more trustworthy than any insider . ruffian copouts , credentialed bowouts and intellectual sellouts , all lie the same , all the time . dropouts are unofficial and unaccredited , but honest , we have to be because we are outside their game . as noted we are being hunted down by killing machines of great capability and have nothing to lose , as most all dropouts . but more importantly , as dropouts , we have nothing to gain . dropouts are consistently more trustworthy and more honest than copouts , sellouts and bowouts because we have nothing to gain . people are trained to ignore dropouts . these same people lend complete trust to official copouts , bowouts and sellouts and are repeatedly tricked . people revere collegiate and corporate credentials , and extensive militaristic ties and corporate experience , but these aren t evidence of honesty , but commitment to lies . if you spend any time out from under the wing of institutions , you know it takes honesty to dropout . no degree reflects honesty , however dropping out indicates plenty of it . to live outside the box you have to be actively observant and to survive for any length of time you have to be honest . dropouts are the realest people on earth . jesus , buddha , gandhi , malcolm x and martin luther king jr . were all dropouts . being a dropout is a serious qualification . we dropped out because of perpetual corruption and war . the global military industrial complex , including your local law enforcement , is the only growing industry on the planet . becoming a pair of muted boots to step on people at the whim of strangers is the easy way to earn a living with benefits , it s a copout . anybody can work for the biggest industry on the planet , as long as you adopt notions of legality and stomp out any sense of morality , and the same goes for being a corporate bowout or sellout . it takes honesty to dropout . signing up with uniformed bullies in support of the global military industrial complex is easy , but it s a lie . dropping out , living life according the golden rule , is always difficult , especially in an economy based on indiscreet war , but it s honest . the machinery of the war world is set up for copouts , bowouts and sellouts . and dropouts tend to be the ones most well positioned to be grinded up by their corruption . and alternatively are usually the only ones who stand up to it . war results in more war . the drug war builds prisons instead of schools , motivates contraband gangs and reduces the quality of life , pushing half of society to conclude narcotic escape is a decent choice , even if it risks prison time , or poisoning . in the same way war leads to buildup of terrible war machines , terrorists and terrorism , copout countries . all war destroys the environment . all war enslaves all people . all war is war on humanity and entirety . similar such exploits inspired jesus to curse the military industrial complex in his father s house two - thousand years ago . dropouts reject corrupt tradition , and toss tables , and that s what we re here to do . they are lying to you . that s what jesus said too . practically everything you know is a lie . and practically every lie is related to the concealment of the bloody web of war , to hide horrors and inspire enlistment . practically everything you thought was education and valuable tradition , is simply part of a model to compel you to like what you do ; stay in your place in the pyramid system holding down the many for the benefit of the few . and even though practically everything you know is a lie and all the lies weaved by the oligarchies for the last couple thousand years have been to keep the many below , enslaved and ignorant , the lies are all mitigated to unimportant tangents , inconsequential relative to the secrets of our current quandary . the military industrial complex has run the world for thousands of years and it s all lies . but the secrets we re revealing now are much bigger than humanity s prolonged subjugation to martial rule and the lies to maintain such . ephraim is a dropout from a family of royal exiles , the direct descendant of olga romanov and gregory rasputin . because of his birthright , he was given secrets . because of the colonel s military experience he learned secrets as well . when put together , the information formed an understanding of the world more complete than any before , of a situation more complex than any before . ephraim s main secret , which trivialized the millennia long rule of the global military industrial complex , has been kept secret for millennia by very powerful cabals and kingdoms , including the romanovs . the secret has been implemented by royalty , religious cults , aristocracies , corporations and factions endlessly throughout history to control people and benefit from that control and has in fact been used to instill the order of the military industrial complex too . the secret however is not a political trick , it s a biological tick . the secret is a fluke , the human fluke and its parasitic behavior modification of mankind . the human fluke has been our constant companion , always reducing the human narrative . nearly everyone has been infected at one point or another and somewhere in the neighborhood of eighty - five percent of the world are hosts to a parasite at any given time . the parasitic predicament has influenced individuals and collectives since the beginning . practically all children are exposed to it and many never rid themselves of the affliction , some live their entire life knowing nothing but a steady stream of unconsciousness , hosts acting out parasitic impulses . mankind s subjection to parasitic behavior modification has shaped the world . there are numerous human flukes resulting in infections of varying severity . yet all the human flukes live in one of two ways , resulting in one of two extremes of modified behavior . the slightly more common type is the bacterial dependent fluke , the other is the fungal dependent fluke . they cocoon themselves within bacterial or fungal clusters and attach to the human nervous system to obtain nutrients and modify our behavior . the bacterial dependent infestations result in tolerant , passive behavior , like sheep . the fungal infections result in scheming , aggressive behavior , like coyotes . this parasitic predicament , like everything in nature , becomes balanced , and in this case in an eloquent dis - symbiosis favoring the parasites . the different parasites develop interdependent balance with the bacterial and fungal clusters as well as their hosts , and more complexly , they relate to each other through modifying the behavior of the host . the parasitically guided interaction between people made sheepish or coyote - like is traditionally viewed as some sort of right wing / left wing political constant , but is actually the result of biological duress . the flukes result in evil or total toleration of outright evil . the behavior of about eighty - five percent of us originates not from normal processes , but is a fluke . the flukes are frequently mistaken for tumors , or cysts , or meningitis by both ignorant and insistent physicians . they normally attach themselves to the spinal cord or major nerves around the neck and through the bacterial or fungal clusters leech sustenance and eventually basically control their human hosts through insistent primordial parasitic impulses they employ through tapping into nerve endings . the tolerant , passive and bullied , those who seek to be controlled in order to survive are host to bacterial dependent flukes . the authoritarian and selfish , those who place themselves above all else with reckless abandon , those who seek to control in order to survive , are host to fungal dependent flukes . the flukes , despite being among the lowest life forms in the universe , simply seek to survive and control their hosts simply as a means to do so , but in the process degrade the human condition individually and collectively . being severely skinny is indicative of fungal dependent flukes . hosts to bacterial dependent flukes tend to bloat , otherwise there are no immediate discernible physical symptoms . there are many alchemical antidotes however most the diagnosis procedures and treatments are unnecessarily risky . alchemical cures involve calculations of quantity , potency and frequency of dose pertaining to the particular individual and the particular fluke . mercury , cyanide and large quantities of gold are active ingredients in these remedies . in appropriate dilution the concoctions kill the parasites and leave the host unharmed . if the dilutions are miscalculated the host can be killed . there are holistic cures too , secretively exchanged among nomads and monks for millennia . the parasites cannot thrive or long survive in a host with a vegan diet . massive amounts of almonds and apricots eaten will eventually kill the flukes . in stomach acid the combination produces therapeutic cyanide which kills parasites . certain extracts of wormwood , tobacco and cloves can kill the flukes too , however we are unsure of the exact quantities , modes of delivery and time periods required for effectiveness . practicing yoga or tai chi hasten the results of these holistic cures , but even still the apricots and almonds cure requires up to three months of eating as many almonds and apricots as you can along with vegan diet . there is one practical cure . and it was long ago made contraband and is mostly still . the most practical cure is the consumption of marijuana . it s safe , works quickly and is inexpensive , relieving the host of the parasite in weeks , while just one dose is capable of loosening the parasitic grip on the nervous system . the primary reason marijuana is globally prohibited is because of this , because it kills flukes . and those in the know who use and foster the parasitic predicament for their own parasitic gains made it so . adding to the complexity of the dis - symbiotic relationship of the fluke and man are the occult who know and manipulate the infected . they have tried to restrict knowledge of all curatives and access to the most reasonable one ; marijuana . the global drug war began with the prohibition of marijuana and hemp . most realize this was to protect business interests , make the rich richer and in turn keep poor people poor , but most don t realize there was much , much more . parasitic behavioral modification has influenced all of history . people announce deductive reasoning for their actions , why they think the way they do and yet frequently , eighty - five percent of the time , foreign biological impulses are controlling their motivations . their reasoning , however complicated , is just vocalization of fungal or bacterial impulses controlling them . scientists are well aware of parasitic behavior modification in the animal world , but most refuse to consider the possibility of human flukes . others will openly acknowledge various such infections , but won t address it further . they can t . of all the scientifically acknowledged behavior modifying parasites , toxoplasma gondii is the most researched and understood . toxoplasma gondii depends on felines to reproduce and uses rats to gain access to cats in this mortal dis - symbiosis . it supposedly doesn t harm cats , but rats host to toxoplasma gondii lose all sense of self - preservation and mortal danger . the toxoplasma gondii infested rats bowout to cats , no longer afraid of the scent of feline danger . the rat likely has its own personal , logical reasons for making an introduction to the cat , that if it were capable of explaining it would , but the toxoplasma gondii is in control . and the cat kills the rat according to the toxoplasma gondii plan , so it can reproduce in the feline digestive tract . grasshoppers infested with spinochordodes tellinii must individually conclude it s sensible to jump into water , but it s the worm s plan , in order to burst forth from out the drowning grasshopper and swim away . and ants taken over by ophiocordyceps unilateralis believe , in whatever capacity ants believe a thing , that they are deciding to ascend to the top of the stalk , but it is only so the parasite can have a nice place to spore out from within the ant . human hosts subject to parasitic behavior modification have eloquent rationale for upholding political principles and being fascist enslavers or obedient slaves to fascists , but the real reason people act dominant or submissive is totally biological , not political or logical . healthy people don t act like that . most of us are hosts , in a parasitic predicament more elaborate than that of the rat , the cat and toxoplasma gondii . toxoplasma gondii does infect people and has been known to make old ladies snap and lure young children to play catch in traffic . it can however only reproduce in felines and because of this , it s theorized , it tricks its host that is not a cat , to lose its most primal fears , so the host kills itself , so it can get out of the dead thing and hopefully into a cat . in the case of the rat their primal fear is the scent of feline urine , the cat and sure death . people infected with toxoplasma gondii frequently take part in risky and destructive behavior and maybe rationalize it s for adrenaline or adventure , but in reality it s so that they die and the parasite is released , all according to the parasite s plan . humans , sheep , bovines or whatever else becomes host to toxoplasma gondii are all affected in one way or another . fungal dependent parasites , like toxoplasma gondii and the fungal dependent human flukes , increase the production of testosterone as well as removing instinctual fears . bacterially infected hosts are drawn to that testosterone , in submission . the human flukes are dependent on primates to reproduce , only unlike toxoplasma gondii they remain within their hosts indefinitely , they don t need to leave and when one dies , another takes its place . the parasitic predicament , this dis - symbiosis of man , comes together in a way more intricate than perhaps any other similar system on the planet , of parasite with host , parasite with complimenting fungi or bacteria , the afflicted hosts acting out parasitic impulses among collectives with one aggressive group and another passive group in modified interaction , and finally the occult groups , parasitic themselves through fostering the parasites among the majority and restricting the cure in order to control the infected collective . as dropouts in a war world of infected and afflicted we have limited medical education and do not know every specific of the parasite s lifecycle . however the important things to know are that through it people are subjugated to do and accept corrupt inhuman evils and most importantly ; the cure is marijuana . exposure to fecal matter is the most common mode of transmission , mostly through the consumption of undercooked flesh it is theorized , though contact with a human host is possible mode of transmission . the specifics of the mode of transmission and how they reproduce is unknown and inconsequential . avoiding or at least charring meat is recommended . but the most important things to remember are the parasites make people unreasonably aggressive or inhumanly passive , the occult foster the parasitic predicament and the most practical cure is marijuana . marijuana literally frees your mind . the parasites are everywhere and yet there is a threat to mankind greater than the parasitic predicament . the most affronting threat pertains to global environmental destruction . the destruction is everywhere , worst though , in our fragile atmosphere . the sun used to be a mellow golden color and now it appears whiter due to radioactive particulate causing atmospheric breakdown . atmospheric turbulence , global warming and drought are all caused by the inability of the atmosphere to release heat due to congestion of radioactive particulate . the global military industrial complex began a geoengineering or restoration experiment in 1999 . the degradation of the atmosphere is in part the result of the expulsion of chemicals and gasses , but primarily is due to saturation of radioactive particulate . the wave emitting particulate is at the root of atmospheric destruction , now notable in the appearance of the sun . the geoengineering project injects negatively charged particulate into the atmosphere to attract the positively charged radioactive particulate which then potentially begins to fall out of the atmosphere . the injection of particulate to reduce the problem of the atmospheric radioactivity limits access to vitamin d , as well as doses everything with radioactive fallout . lacking vitamin d degrades our immune systems making us more susceptible to sickness , including parasitic behavior modification . the operation to fortify the atmosphere with negatively charged particulate is the final act to salvage the unsustainable nuclear experiment and the wave emitting particulate destroying our atmosphere . instead of announcement on the atmospheric degradation and change , the military industrial complex instituted the secret program to counteract the degradation . the secret of the parasitic predicament and the occult who foster is almost laughable compared to the secrets the colonel was burdened with , beginning with the radioactive atmospheric degradation . the degradation of the atmosphere is just one threat brought on by nuclear experimentation . thermonuclear war of course is another . but the real story of nuclear experimentation , the real , most immediate resulting threat , has never been revealed publicly , until now . in the beginning , the u . s . a . gathered together some of the wildest scientific minds in history and eventually set off the first nuclear detonation in new mexico , july 1 , 1945 . then two more bombs were dropped on hiroshima and nagasaki , japan . world war was won and world history was forever altered . the experiment was so dangerous , the forces so outrageous that the scientists debated on whether or not the first detonation would set off a chain reaction igniting the atmosphere , killing all life on earth . of course they went ahead anyway . the first detonation did not start a chain reaction setting the atmosphere afire . it did however start a chain reaction that began the atmospheric degradation we see today . it also set off another more dangerous chain reaction involving subjects very much beyond the pale of our traditional comprehension . the first nuclear detonation occurred in the new mexico desert valley accurately named the jornada del muerte , meaning the route of the dead man . the code name for the test was trinity and the bomb itself was known as the gadget . in july , 1945 we all began the journey of death - in secret . and on august 6 and 9 , the most horrific nuclear experiments imaginable took place , the bombings of the cities of hiroshima and nagasaki . then the whole world knew of the journada del muerte . a few people survived both bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki , having gone from one city to escape the other . around 70 , 000 human spirits were instantly vanquished in hiroshima and nearly that many in nagasaki , though it s impossible to know an exact figure , for most people were disappeared , atomized . many more hundreds of thousands died from burns , injuries and cancers after the bombings . july 16 , 1945 is a date that will live in infamy . it is the day everything changed , when pandora s box was pried open and humanity set forth on the journey of the dead man and the vaporizing of cities in august showed using pandora in the worst way imaginable . incidentally , there was a box set next to the trinity detonation which supposedly contained a living being of some sort for a top secret experiment . some say there was a demon inside it . others say the explosion itself released the demon . the official story states the box contained sensitive testing equipment . there is no denying the demon that is nuclear , but the literal demonic release is an unsubstantiated rumor . it was called the demon core and was purposefully mixed up with an accident - prone piece of plutonium also called the demon core . the same name supposedly covered up the actual demonic experiment . what is certain is that nuclear experimentation began in a stew of secrets , lies , omissions , whispers , rumors and silenced science , the devil s favorite tools . july , 16 , 1945 initiated the nuclear experimentation era , the total war on terra . since then thousands of nuclear detonations have occurred ; in the atmosphere , on the ground , underground and in the ocean . each one of the detonations started chain reactions of entropy we are only beginning to understand . now hundreds of nuclear experiment reactors around the world boil water for electricity , with adjacent fuel pools , each requiring constant attention , each so poisonous , just one is capable of altering or destroying entirety . the waste is so dangerous it can only be made into weaponry , or buried , or blasted off to jupiter , or put somewhere requiring attention for the next ten thousand generations . tons of depleted uranium has been exploded and an unknown tonnage of radioactive waste is now enveloping the planet from releases and routine accidents . nuclear experimentation is a war on terra , a war on life itself . j . robert oppenheimer was the most prominent scientist to work on the manhattan project to create the gadget . oppenheimer opened pandora s box . coincidentally his last name , from a region in germany , eerily means open home . he opened the box and opened the door to our home . and not so incidentally , he was a friend of the rosenburgs , who gave nuclear technology to the soviets . he famously quoted a hindu parable after witnessing the fruition of his handiwork , we knew the world would not be the same . a few people laughed . a few people cried . most people were silent . i remembered the line from the hindu scripture the bhagavad gita . vishnu is trying to persuade the prince that he should do his duty . and to impress him takes on his multi - armed form and says , now i am become death , the destroyer of worlds . i suppose we all thought that . there is no going back to pre - pandora earth . japan surrendered and the u . s . a . was proudly the world s first super power . the detonations on hiroshima and nagasaki got the attention of the world . ironically though , the top secret detonation in new mexico got the attention of others , elsewhere . nuclear detonations create a unique electromagnetic pulse of metaphysical destruction . there is the notable explosion , the electromagnetic pulse , the poisonous radioactive fallout and the detrimental atmospheric chain reactions due to introduction of the wave emitting particles , the lingering entropy and also , according to colonel ryan j . arlington , there are extra - dimensional reactions . the detonations crack the space - time continuum . the detonation from the explosion in new mexico sent a destructive and unique ping rippling across space , notifying the universe that a nuclear detonation occurred . each subsequent detonation was another pulse sent across the vibrational sea of the universe which said , we re over here and we re stupid enough to light off nukes . the pings got the attention of all interstellar life in the universe . extraterrestrial beings soon arrived to earth to investigate the nuclear detonations in our remote corner of the universe . some were aware we were here prior and some only learned who it was and where we were through the nuclear pings . the federation of bipedals were aware of earthlings before the pings . and soon enough federation representation contacted earthen leadership , but unbeknownst to the federation , a rogue extraterrestrial race outside the federation had clandestinely arrived to earth before them . july 16 , 1945 was the beginning of modern times and on july 17 postmodern decay began . the federation s immediate concern was to cease nuclear experimentation to protect the spirits of mouse and man alike from the detonations . they informed the leadership that beings killed in such detonations are not just killed , their spirit is obliterated , permanently dematerialized . the detonations physically destroy beings and places , crack the space - time continuum and incinerate spirits , the most ungodly act a being can do . the federation revealed the true scope of the detonations and the existence of spirit within all living beings . they further revealed the existence of god which is said to have greatly upset the politicians . the federation provided a myriad of reasons to discontinue nuclear experimentation , chief among being the destruction of the very ethereal essence . they informed the earthen leadership that the myth of pandora s box is about nuclear experimentation . and that nuclear experimentation would result in federation ostracism , generational biological degradation and inevitable extinction . the federation knew about our legend of pandora s box , they knew our languages and cultures and mythology . they knew the whole human story , every legend and every myth . they didn t know about the last seven hundred years , but they knew our history . the federation arrived in july , 1952 , by then 37 detonations had taken place . they went straight to washington d . c . and their visits that summer made national headlines . videos , photographs and reports of their visits to washington d . c . in 1952 , number in the thousands . president harry truman himself addressed and denied the public questioning concerning extraterrestrials landing on the white house lawn . the federation revealed information on the catastrophic results of opening pandora s box and the history of humankind , which was much like our history on earth , dotted by wars and regrettable acts . the heavily redacted history revealed that there was once a great war between bipedals in the andromeda system over a magical mineral . the rejuvenating mineral compound was thought to be in limited supply . and beings risked their existence for it . after realization there was plenty of the mineral , the war ended . it was found humans instigated the conflict and hid where the mineral could be found in abundance , solely because we didn t want a specific race to have the mineral . the newly formed federation debated on the extermination of mankind for starting the war , but instead they genetically altered our mental capacity and banished humans to remote prison planets . the reason people only use seven percent of our brain capacity is because of the genetically implemented mental deformity . supposedly when humans first arrived to prison earth people quarried stones and erected structures with simplistic devices powered by electromagnetics and the mind . telekinesis and free energy technology were considered simple among bipedals without the genetic mental hindrance . free energy technology supposedly utilizes the electromagnetic higgs boson counter - wave to manipulate and transform gravity and electromagnetism through consciousness . subatomic particles behave as waves , only a very few , actually have weight , they are known as higgs boson particles . the counter - wave can make the dense malleable and the heavy become light . generations after the implant we became incapable of understanding how to use the force . the federation informed the leadership that if we continued nuclear experimentation we would never be allowed free energy technology . originally it was assumed the federation meant it would restrict our access to free energy technology as a consequence , but the disruption of the space time continuum and electro - magnetosphere caused by nuclear experimentation is what prevents access to the unlimited energy through the otherwise smooth space - time continuum . nuclear experimentation disrupts the space - time continuum in a way that makes the counter - wave inaccessible . free energy is near impossible to access due to the present electromagnetic conditions . there are other planets of mentally deformed humans , but only we have conducted nuclear experimentation . in fact , only a few other species in the whole universe have ever transformed their planet into a nuclear experiment and their fate is ours , deformity and extinction . no one in the universe is considered as stupid and violent as earthlings . and at the same time , human humor is universally renowned . even today , despite our deformity , our jokes are still considered some of the finest entertainment known . beings travel light years just to watch us . harry truman , in true manly fashion , did not trust the federation . after all , the aliens were critical of nuclear experimentation and the obliteration of japanese cities , the very act that made the u . s . a . the world s super power . the federation insisted they cease nuclear experimentation and make peace on earth . in exchange they would offer membership into the federation . harry truman took this to be a sly plot and after winning world war ii no one in the universe was going to tell the united states to disarm . harry truman didn t believe them , not after what happened in roswell and elsewhere . the federation insisted if there was peace on earth , if nuclear experimentation was ceased , they would provide free energy technology , interplanetary travel technology and planetary defense from rogue races . the federation did not know that one of those rogue races was already here . the race we know as the greys were the first to detect the atomic ping from earth and the first to arrive here . the earthen leadership was suspicious of the federation because of their experiences with the greys . the greys possess all the technology the federation does , but operate outside federation law . when it comes to detection of nuclear experimentation the greys possess technology superior to that of federation . in fact , there is no race which understands nuclear experimentation better than the greys and consequently no race more negatively altered by it . the greys learned about nuclear experimentation in the universe and in the process destroyed their home planet and their genetic viability . they were a dying race . the greys completed their journey to earth in 1947 . a scout ship crashed in roswell , new mexico that summer , a hop skip and jump away from the trinity test site . the crash landing ended in the first confrontation . the events at roswell and other provocative actions made harry truman distrust the federation mistaking them for greys . the greys were aware of our history , but only learned of our location when we pinged the cosmos . the greys were banished from the federation for opening pandora s box thousands of years ago . ultimately they had to evacuate their home planet because of failed nuclear experimentation . the greys are highly intelligent , but their ardent theology states they are god s chosen bipedal and because of this they believed they could not be harmed by nuclear experimentation . the greys were a dying race and been traversing the universe seeking an unclaimed and habitable planet with dna and rna of a suitable race to use to reconstitute their genetic viability . the gadget went off just in time for them to find us , a whole planet of near unaltered genetics . after the greys became aware of the federation they made their own introduction and deals in order to subvert the federation . in exchange for technology , not including free energy or interplanetary travel technology , the greys were harvested dna and rna . many of the missing persons of the world were kidnapped by greys . eventually the federation became aware of the greys and informed the earth governments of the trickery . the greys subverted the efforts of the federation to stop nuclear experimentation , because they want to destroy us . they wanted our genes , and now they want earth . and if humans are no longer genetically viable , under federation law , the greys can have earth . and the quickest way to eliminate our genetic viability is through nuclear experimentation . earth powers continued nuclear experimentation , believing we were tapping into the power of the sun . the greys just wait for nuclear experimentation to eliminate our biological viability , at which time , the federation would consider the prison planet a failure , whereupon they would no longer be responsible and the greys could takeover . the greys have infiltrated society and transformed nuclear experimentation into what it is today , a way to kill us . the madness of nuclear experimentation has exposed us to a mad , mad universe . the policy shared by the nuclear powers toward deterrence of war is just one aspect of the madness . this policy is known as mad , mutually assured destruction . it s the idea that war is deterred through the threat of total destruction . the greys agenda is to kill earthlings and begin infiltrated the upper echelons of every relevant institution by about 1952 . since then they ve been pushing nuclear experimentation , so we kill ourselves and the federation leaves earth to them . the greys have hybrids , grey skinned near humans who might only be a few years old , but appear as if octogenarians . they are extremely intelligent , but lack emotion and any sense of humor . they typically are named abbot , moe , beaver , curly or another name they picked up from 1950 s americana . the federation is monitoring the situation . they visit nuclear experimentation facilities , routinely shutting down missile systems and taking out launched , unarmed icbms with their ships like collies tracking down frisbees , but otherwise they are waiting . colonel ryan j . arlington watched a federation ship he would later learn , zap a missile facility and disable the guidance systems of multiple missiles , three nights in a row . the federation can legally do no more than monitor and test . they cannot force their will on prisoners and they have to protect the prisoners - until they are no longer genetically viable . they are also obligated to prevent nuclear experimentation throughout the universe so as to preserve spirit and assure the space - time continuum doesn t crack apart resulting in an excruciating painful implosion of the universe or big ping , resulting in another big bang . the federation is capable of disabling missiles from and destroying them after they are launched , but even the federation can t cease the ongoing reactions at nuclear power generation experiments . the federation legal conundrum has resulted in a waiting game . the federation considered freeing us from our genetically implemented binds , but we were distrustful and conniving and we couldn t stop nuclear experimentation , unconsciously believing that perhaps , we too , were so liked by god , that we could defy the consequences of nuclear experimentation . earth could have been the first human planet allowed into the federation , we could have been a human voice , but we proved unready . the greys reached our solar system a dying race . they disappeared thousands of people and utilized our genetics to revitalize their altered chromosomes . and now they want earth . the federation is stuck in a legal conundrum unable to assist us , unable to force us to cease nuclear experimentation and required to prevent detonations . we ve been invaded . practically every major institution has been compromised to some extent , the nuclear experimentation industry has been almost totally compromised by the hybrids , for many institutions can control us , but nuclear experimentation can kill us . the nuclear experimentation industry is saturated with grey hybrids so they can set up our mad . the best way for the greys to cease humanity s biological success is to release radioactive particulate . all they have to do is promote nuclear experimentation and make sure people we it to continue , for eventually it will fail and they will win earth . the nuclear experiment makes nothing as it was . rising cancer rates were the first sign of nuclear experimentation gone awry . next will be declining birth rates . tobacco was at one time safe when used in moderation . it was sacred to the american indians and beneficial when smoked with sage as they did . now tobacco grown outside is dusted with so many radioactive particles , it s deadly to smoke , part of an out of control experiment , a pandora . nuclear experimentation has degraded all life since 1945 , producing such persistent toxins as to be cancerous forever and make future generations less intelligent , less attractive and less biologically successful . its waste is cancerous , negatively alters genetics and some of it , like krypton 85 result in dramatic drought . radioactive particles emit heat for thousands of years and are now dispersed globally in all strata reducing the atmosphere s ability to release heat , increasing holes in the ozone and the new norm of powerful storms . the secrets concerning the increase in cancer , decline in birthrates , global warming , drought , the parasitic predicament and the occult who cultivate it , our shackled mental capacity , the fact underground bases exist all over the world partly as contingency plans in case of nuclear devastation are all insignificant next to the takeover . it is humans versus greys . and the only way to win is to cease nuclear experimentation . and the only way to do that is to become conscious of the problem . the only way to become conscious at all is by eliminating the parasites by smoking copious amounts of marijuana , preferably marijuana grown indoors to minimalize ingestion of radioactive particulate . only when we cease nuclear experimentation will the federation consider siding with humanity . and only when we cease nuclear experimentation will the greys leave . until nuclear experimentation ceases , until marijuana is freely distributed , we will take action to shut down all nuclear experimentation . if nuclear experimentation is not ceased there will be another hiroshima and there will be another fukushima . the likelihood of multiple nuclear experiment failures is low , currently . however colonel ryan j . arlington is privy to information on a huge massive object or hmo . the hmo is expected to careen through the solar system and when it does the object may cause the oceans to rise variously by twenty feet or more , which would be minor all things considered , except for the nuclear power plants on the coasts . the hmo could also cause a solar flare on a scale that might burn half the planet and set off a series strong earthquakes . the hmo is bound to cause calamity and yet it only takes a minute act of god to result in nuclear catastrophe . if the sea level rises just five feet , savage nuclear industrial death is possible . even if the hmo only causes sporadic flooding and earthquakes failure of nuclear experimentation is practically guaranteed . stop nuclear experimentation or we will stop it . stop all nuclear experimentation or it will stop us all . ours , colonel ryan j . arlington and prince ephraim gregory nicholas romanov rasputin moscovitch from currently free ebook ethan indigo smith s controversial book , the terraist letters , humorously contrasts the very serious issues of global nuclear experimentation and global marijuana prohibition . it is a funny and provocative political satire that attempts to brings some sanity to the most serious subject matter of nuclear experimentation , in a way that only ethan can . ethan s work will titillate , irritate , but most importantly , stimulate some serious thought concerning current conventions . give it a read . your brain might thank you . new york times best selling author , jim marrs the complete patriot s guide ethan indigo smith s book , the complete patriot s guide to oligarchical collectivism : its theory and practice , is an insightful exploration of history , philosophy and contemporary politics of today s heavily institutionalized society . an inspiration for positive , peaceful individual action , the complete patriot s guide is pro - individual in its perspective and , although political , discusses our society and its institutions from neither left - wing nor right - wing perspectives , exploring history , philosophy and contemporary politics relative to the fictional work of george orwell . layered with insight , it is in part a literary exploration of the themes of orwell s 1984 , and provides solutions for individual and collective empowerment . the complete patriot s guide to oligarchical collectivism is available here on amazon .
clancy overell editor contact a local upf member has today declared that aboriginal people should be thankful for white people did to them , while also stating that he can t be held accountable for what white people did to them . kai blottrell ( 32 ) a local car detailer who made heaps of coin during the pink batts fiasco , says that he doesn t know much about his family tree given his estranged relationship with his father and general disinterest in his mother but he presumes his family arrived in the first fleet . this wild guess at his family s heritage makes him one of the most australian people there is , and he won t be made to feel ashamed about that . however , as january 26 th approaches , kai is forced to confront the national dialogue currently surrounding the idea of celebrating the end of indigenous sovereignty , and the unfair treatment of first australians that followed his ancestor s supposed arrival . i wasn t there he says . i had nothing to do with it . why should i be made to feel bad about the atrocities they committed . however , while kai grapples with the well - documented attempts at genocide and forced assimilation , he also can t help but defend them . my ancestors didn t steal australia , they created it he says , while contemplating whether or not he can continue with this new angle . and my family didn t immigrate into an existing country , they built one even if they still don t have their own head of state and still answer to the queen as kai begins to lose his temper , the deep sadness inside his heart lifts slightly which inevitably leads him to undermine every other coherent argument he has made throughout his entire tirade . they should be thankful he says with a tear welling in his eyes , as he ponders on how long it has taken his dad to buy a packet of smokes .
errol parker editor - at - large contact another eventless evening drew to a close at the dolphins leagues club at 10 pm last night . roger dunston rang the bell for last drinks , locked the pokies , took the tills and told the barman to get them all out by 10 : 30 . it s not the 24 - year - old s first rodeo and it certainly won t be his last . but until his ship comes in and his dreams begin to take shape , it s all the unpopular hotel manager has to hold on to . bidding the bar staff goodbye as they necked the rest of their staffies , the last d45 bus to the french quarter gargled up the hill toward the club . you can often hear the bus before you see it , especially late a night , he said . but yeah , last night wasn t like any other . it was just another tuesday being underemployed working in hospitality , i guess . as the clock struck midnight , he counted the safe to find that it was almost exactly 2000 down for the day . he counted the tills again . after an hour of investigation , he discovered a large pokie payout around lunchtime that the day manager neglected to write up on the office whiteboard . it was almost 2000 . relieved , he locked up sent a passive - aggressive email to the other managers and the owner regarding the importance of using the fucking whiteboard . it was then , when he d finally stopped moving and thinking for the day , that he realised he hadn t eaten since lunch . so on the drive home , he stopped at the busy bee service station on the old city district limits and went inside to peruse the limited takeaway menu . not pies in the hotbox , not even a shepherds . his hunger was too much for a packet of ccs or a maxibon . he toyed with the idea of having a chocolate moove . young roger made his choice , paid for it in silver coins he scraped out of his Xf falcon s never - used ashtray and pulled into the servo s parking area away from the pumps to have his dinner . in the end , i went with an egg and lettuce sandwich from the fridge . i wanted something hot but you can t have a win every day , look , it is what it is . the sandwich wasn t great . if i were a gambling man , i would ve bet on those eggs in the sandwich being laid in about october last year . the bread was soggy and impregnated with egg juice . but it succeeded in making me not hungry so whatever . if i don t get sick from it , i ll have another one , he looked up at the moon and thought about the day when he wouldn t have to live this life anymore . turns out there s not too much career work on at the moment , especially when you ve got an arts degree in history and art criticism , at least i ve got a home and a bed . it could be worse ; way , way , way worse , but at the same time , things could be so , so much better than they are now . more to come .
clancy overell editor contact the owners of a visually displeasing house in betoota s old meatworkers district have been praised by local council for keeping the building just as ugly as it was when it was built in the 1940 s . situated at number 3 daroo street , the house has had only three owners since it first began violating the eyes of the locals , and has retained it s same californian - style sky - blue colour for the entire duration . despite even the owners themselves admitting that the architecture hasn t aged well , they refuse to alter it in any way at the advice of a few smug local art and design historians . yeah says the owner . it s art deco art deco , sometimes referred to as deco , is a style of visual arts , architecture and design that first appeared in france just before world war i . art deco influenced the design of buildings , furniture , jewellery , fashion , cars , movie theatres , trains , ocean liners , and everyday objects such as radios and vacuum cleaners . it took its name , short for arts d coratifs , from the exposition internationale des arts d coratifs et industriels modernes held in paris in 1925 . it is this particular style that has millions of inner - suburban streets around australia fall victim to the circular concrete facades and tall baptist church - style windows made popular between the world wars . it combined modernist styles with fine craftsmanship and rich materials . during its heyday , art deco represented luxury , glamour , exuberance , and faith in social and technological progress nowadays the term is generally used to excuse ugly buildings that are being assessed for a heritage listing .
errol parker editor - at - large contact rather than bob his head along to the top 40 like he used to do , mark douglas is now a podcast person . the betoota heights resident and h train regular is a recent subscriber of the popular outback strangler podcast which goes through a number of unsolved murders in the wider district . despite a thorough investigation by local police , homicide detectives from the cosmopolitan south - east and reporters here at the advocate all of the cases remain cold thirty years later . it makes for compelling listening , said the man who receives money for doing things inside an office . all those people the killer , or killers murdered . and their families . jesus . but yeah , i m addicted to it . it s great and i like all the graphic details , like the presenter full on tells you how they died , so interesting but so fucked up at the same time . the podcast is written and presented by clive overell , first - cousin - once - removed of clancy overell , editor of the advocate . though he s estranged from most of his family for repeatedly exposing himself at a family wedding , clive s podcast about the unsolved murders garners over a thousand local downloads a week and continues to grow around the state . he didn t want to comment publically on the podcast but released a short statement on the success of his project . i m happy all these people can find such entertainment and enjoyment out of these shocking , horrible crimes , he said . if it wasn t for you , nobody would be talking about these crimes . i hope one day we can solve them . more to come .
errol parker editor - at - large contact as per local government law , a glassing at a popular betoota grove gastropub has resulted in the venue being forced to serve drinks in plastic glassware for the foreseeable future . the docking sailors , which ambiguously states it was founded in 1899 despite being a tasteless renovation of the former venue , played host to a vicious and cowardly attack earlier this year that saw a man receive close to 90 internal and external stitches . as the case is before the courts and the names suppressed , the advocate can only state that an interim ban has been placed on all glassware in the venue while officials investigate what happened . which means the upper crust of the town s population now has to enjoy a cool , refreshing 9 schooner of diamantina pale ale out of a scuffed plastic glass . over lunch , local hedge fund manager and gun owner bruce hall said his experience at the venue was marred by the offensive and tacky glassware . you go in there and order the 39 sirloin , they hand you back a buzzer and a flat beer in a plastic schooner glass , he said . and asIc think we re the criminals . honestly , if one fired - up piss head with anger problems can fuck a good pub like the docking , then we ve devolved as a fucking species , but yeah , back to what you were saying . when you walk into a pub and they ve got plastic glassware , it s a pretty good indication some shit has gone down here and some poor cunt has been glassed . people who glass people should be hanged from the streetlamps and their organs given to the needy . bruce stopped to catch his breath after that explosive rant , which gave enough time for our reporter to slip out the discreet VIp room exit . more to come .
errol parker editor - at - large contact hey max said you were vegan as well my name is sammy , he said . greg shook sammy s outstretched hand and smiled . yeah hate coming to these things but you know how it is i m greg , max works with my wife . sammy laughed and said he did too , then told everyone in earshot that he d been a vegan , too . as the afternoon carried on , the new friends traded old war stories of barbecues past and chortled among themselves over the sheer omnivorous ignorance of everyone else mingling in max s backyard . the time came to grill the meats the sound of plastic wrap being pulled from supermarket trays , the crinkling of butchers paper unfolding followed finally by the hot sound of sizzle filling the air . they moved upwind of the grill . are they really going to eat all those lamb chops there s like 40 of them , said greg . you d be surprised . they all rant and rave about how good they are . they ll hoover them . god , this rate of consumption is so unsustainable . oh my god i know , right sammy replied . max , who asked them if they d like a peanut butter sandwich or something , interrupted their solace on the edge of the party . they both looked at each other then back at max . yeah , sure . we d love that , thanks . smiling back , max retired inside to the kitchen and spoke quietly to his wife , melba , who was preparing a garden salad . it was such a good idea to invite another vegan , she said . tell me about it . i read about this study the csiRo did about handling vegans at barbeques and they said the best way to stop a vegan whining was to make sure there s two of them there . the study max is referring to was published earlier this week in the lead up to the long weekend where it s expected close to a million vegetarians and vegans will attend barbeques around the country . in the report , the nation s peak scientific body outlined that the best way to cancel out the complaints , snide comments and uppity lecturing that can come with inviting a vegan to a social gathering is to invite another one . these people gravitate toward each other , like magnets or something , said the report . if there s two vegans at a barbeque , they can cancel each other out by talking amongst themselves . also , vegans can eat peanut butter so make sure to offer them a peanut butter sandwich . if they re also gluten - free , just hand them a spoon of it . more to come .
errol parker editor - at - large contact former leg spin greats shane warne and stuart macgill are both present at the sydney cricket ground today and they ve reportedly made their way to the australian dressing room and offered their services to captain steve smith . warne , who d already got a rummaged through nathan lyon s kit bag for a playing shirt , said he d have the poms back in the pavilion by sundown . hot on his heels was stuart macgill , who was quick to point out that he frequently out - bowled shane at the scg , also said that he d been watching the pitch deteriorate quickly and simply couldn t let the opportunity go begging . smudge , put me on at the paddington end and shane on at the randwick , said macgill . just like back in the day . mate , we live for this shit . this is my house . nobody wants to come to the cricket tomorrow , let s just finish it now and spent the night getting thrown out of every gin joint on oxford street . the wineman s sentiments were echoed by warne , who said he s fitter and stronger than when he actually played test cricket . however , smith said that he appreciated the offer but couldn t ultimately accept it . if i could , i would , guys , he said . but then boof would feel left out . the acb would likely have my nintendo switch confiscated and then who knows where it ll end where do you draw the line will jeff thomson ask to have another sling he d bloody sling his arm into the ladies stand if i said yes , sorry guys , i ve made up my mind . it s a no from me , fellas . warne and macgill slammed the dressing room door behind them ; shane headed back up into the commentary box while stuart retired to the bar to enjoy a hot mid - strength shiraz out of a plastic cup . more to come .
who would you like to see go into the jungle punter , joked mark junior waugh during recent coverage of the big bash . it was just one of 12 plugs , for upcoming shows on channel 10 in 2018 by the hosts , ( including mark howie howard ) during the cricket that night . it has been confirmed however , that many of the presenters are not as excited about the mediocre reality shows they have to promote , as they sound during after ad breaks . you think i would enjoy watching the unscripted comedy gold that is i m a celebrity asked ricky ponting , colloquially known by many around the country as punter . oh , you actually want an answer fuck no . i would not . give me sky racing one or two any day . julia morris is unbearable , said ponting . ponting confirmed however that he is happy to plug anything that is entertaining and fun for the audience . swisse , crownbet , channel 10 shows . whatever . it s funny though how much junior gets into isn t it i think he actually likes the shit we asked andrew symonds whether he watched any of the shows he had to mention . bachelor in paradise jesus christ . what fucking even is that . why can t channel 10 put some fishing shows on me and dos [ matthew hayden ] could do one , were we catch fish and then cook it or something remember that diving show i went on . haha fuck me
ever wonder what s on the mind of today s most notable people well , don t miss our unbelievable roundup of the best and most talked about quotes of the day :
here s some seriously exciting and long - awaited news for all you bond fans out there since announcing his upcoming retirement from the james bond franchise , fans have been waiting with bated breath to hear who will succeed daniel craig as the sexy british spy . and now they can finally let out a huge sigh of relief because today it was announced that the new james bond will be played by benedict cumberbatch and rowan atkinson holding hands awesome there s no doubt these hand - in - hand hunks will make the perfect bond a press release sent out this morning broke the awesome news that when daniel craig hands in the iconic tuxedo , cumberbatch and atkinson will officially step hand - in - hand into the role of the legendary secret service agent . daniel craig s gritty portrayal of 007 over the past four films has been fantastic , but fans have a lot of reason to rejoice because the sexy duo is going to look right at home holding hands while trailing russian agents , working the poker table , and just generally kicking ass sure , seeing the mr . bean and sherlock stars cruising across exotic locations hand - in - hand in bond s signature aston martin is something every die - hard bond fan has been begging to see . but imagining the pair with hands clasped striding through a casino with a martini in each of their free hands is enough to give even the most casual fan goosebumps . fans are already taking to twitter to voice their approval . so much yes daniel craig is leaving some enormous shoes to fill , but fans can rest easy knowing that cumberbatch and atkinson are more than perfect to fill the part of the sexy secret service agent . we ll be counting down the seconds until the new film s opening credits finally roll and we see the red - hot new bond come strutting hand - in - hand onto screen
i am 18 or over and willing to view sexually explicit material yes no
decades ago , when an individual claimed to work at a military facility that required top level security clearance and spoke about classified military secrets and technology , they were ridiculed . this is why , in some cases , they were allowed to speak and share sensitive information , because most of it was so unbelievable and easy to ridicule that , instead of the world of secrecy retaliating , they let these individuals speak their mind . in the past , individuals blowing the whistle , regardless of whether or not their backgrounds could be verifiable , was something that didn t happen as much as it happens today . take for example , the hundreds of high ranking ex - military and political personnel sharing their experiences with ufos . today , ufos are official , as the pentagon recently released a video of an object performing maneuvers no known aircraft can . the topic is also becoming popular within academia , as a number of peer - reviewed research articles have also emerged hinting strongly to artificial surface interventions on other bodies within our solar system , like the moon and mars , for example . who is the man in the video below it s bob lazar , the one who blew the lid open on places like area 51 , a secret military base that s been used to test advanced military air - craft , and supposedly other things . it s existence was officially disclosed by the us government a few years ago , but it s important to note here that there are multiple military bases located throughout the us , some even more secretive than area 51 and some are even located beneath the ocean floor . for more detailed information on that topic , you can refer to the two articles linked below that we ve published on the subject . under ocean military bases : there is more than just one area 51 see for yourself right beneath your feet the hidden reality of deep underground military bases who is bob lazar decades ago , bob lazar hit the mainstream and became quite popular after claiming to have worked on reverse engineering extraterrestrial technology at a site called s - 4 , near the area 51 facility . he s also mentioned information about extraterrestrials and the fact that there are multiple groups , some of which have been in contact with several global governments . related ce articles : have governments actually been revere engineering extraterrestrial technology everything is in a process of investigation both in the united states and in spain , as well as the rest of the world . the nations of the world are currently working together in the investigation of the ufo phenomenon . there is an international exchange of data . general carlos castro cavero ( 1979 ) . he also claims to have been in contact with edward teller , a hungarian - american theoretical physicist , known as the father of the hydrogen bomb . on a side note , individuals of teller s stature have long been speaking up about the ufo issue . take one of the founding fathers of modern rocketry , hermann oberth , who stated that : it is my thesis that flying saucers are real and that they are space ships from another solar system . i think that they possibly are manned by intelligent observers who are members of a race that may have been investigating our earth for centuries . ( source ) according to lazar , he met teller at a conference and had a brief discussion with him . lazar sent him a resume inquiring about a job . lazar said that , dr teller responded by telephone and told me that he was no longer active , but just functioned in a consultant capacity . he gave me the name of a contact to call in las vegas , i made that call and things progressed from there . when teller was asked on camera if he knew bob lazar , he refused to answer and said if asked again , he will sit silently . you can see a clip of that segment near the end of this video . today , it s much easier to take lazar seriously , given all of the information that s emerged corroborating his story and the fact that his story hasn t changed one bit since he began speaking . related ce article : it s official we now know that ufos or uap are real , so are they extraterrestrial or not here s one of lazar s most recent interviews . lazar currently runs a business called united nuclear , where he maintains the availability of scientific equipment , supplies chemicals to the general public , experimenters , and learning institutions . they make basic scientific supplies as well as difficult to find , rare unusual science - related products available to the hobbyist , teacher , experimenter , and professional organizations . below is a video of him showing off his water powered car . as he says , you can t really use water for fuel but , you use water as the source material , you run electricity through it and it breaks it down into hydrogen and oxygen and then you can burn the hydrogen . related ce article : the inventor of a water powered car that died in a restaurant yelling they poisoned me . to read our most recent and archived articles on the ufo / extraterrestrial phenomenon , you can click here . there are no shortage of interviews regarding the topic of ufos with lazar , all it takes is a quick google / youtube search and you ll be able to find more .
david bowie and stevie wonder were two of the greatest pop icons of the past century , and they shared a professional and personal relationship that lasted most of their careers until bowie s death in 2016 . their friendship was fueled by a mutual concern that spider - man would destroy their careers . in these amazing letters between bowie and wonder , they discuss the threat they thought he posed in great detail . check them out below wow . it s amazing to see two of the greatest artists of all time bare their souls to each other so eloquently and honestly . share these incredible letters with a music fan in your life to help make their day
ever wonder what s on the mind of today s most notable people well , don t miss our unbelievable roundup of the best and most talked about quotes of the day :
hey , you re here , you made it congratulations on making it this far . i m assuming the majority of people who saw this post only read the headline and then formed an opinion . it s okay of course , everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but i m here to offer you another perspective on this story . sure , fast food restaurants and major corporations tend to have only one thing in mind , money . hence the phrase that is often used to describe corporations ; put profit before the people and the environment . in most cases , this is true , but , should we remain jaded to even the victories from these corporations or should we celebrate these successes , remain hopeful and keep on keeping on by voting with our dollar you see , as the consumer , whether you are aware of it or not you have a direct say in the business practices of these corporations , and that say comes from where you decide to spend your dollar and if you really choose to put your money where your mouth is . what are they changing mcdonald s has now announced a definite timeline to its goal of completely eliminating plastic and foam cups from their restaurants . by the end of the year , every soft drink holder will be made with a packaging made from fiber or certified recycled material . this same design will incorporate all of the packaging in use from the brand by 2020 , according to their website . starbucks is taking similar action in the u . k . this february , customers will be charged about 7 cents for each paper cup in 20 to 25 stores in central london with the hopes of motivating the customers to choose reusable mugs instead . the money raised from the cup fee will be donated to an environmental charity and behaviour analyst , hubbub , who is dedicated to investigating how the public can be encouraged to choose reusable drink containers . another incentive given from the company is a discount of 34 cents to those who do bring a reusable cup of their own , which will encourage those who frequent starbucks to bring their own mugs we can only hope that these reusable mugs are made from sustainable materials . evolve your inbox stay conscious daily inspiration and all our best content , straight to your inbox . but i don t eat at mcdonald s or starbucks sure , many of you probably don t eat at mcdonald s or starbucks because of their unsustainable business practices and unhealthy food and drink options , good for you but , guess what this is exactly what has caused these two major corporations to make this type of change . yes , they still want your money and they are still , most likely , all about profit before people , but because they have lost the revenue from consumers like you , they are scrambling and trying to find a way to continue making tons of money . they know that in this day and age , many people are waking up to the fact that we can no longer continue doing things in the same old fashion if we want to have a chance at saving our environment . so , with this awareness , they might think something along the lines of , hey , if we stopped using foam and encouraged reusable cups , maybe we could gain back some of those lost customers and get our profits back up . and you know what they probably will . because this type of thing is very important to some people and for good reason . however , if some of us continue to boycott such establishments , they may start serving soda sweetened with xylitol , or switch the oil they use to cook their fries , perhaps they may switch to hormone and antibiotic free meat products . the bottom line is that they will do whatever it takes to stay in business , a great example is the launch of their recent vegan burger to appeal to a larger consumer base . but the irony here is that as we continue to wake up and do our part for our environment , the animals , planet and ourselves , these establishments will cease to exist . at least on their way out , and that s because they are making the changes that we need to see big corporations make in order to truly change the way we are currently doing things here on planet earth . as awareness increases , so do these changes . they go hand in hand . so , just because they are doing something positive , does that mean that we should go and spend our money there not necessarily , but should we celebrate even these small successes absolutely . one step at a time and these times , are indeed changing . let s remain hopeful , because the opposite is projecting the negative , the lack , the destruction and with that kind of energy how can we expect anything to really change
building your network is key to a meaningful and aligned career . whether you re looking to build a private yoga practice , spread your inspiring message of change to others around the world , or have an amazing conscious business idea , you need a great close community of people to help bring it to life . having a solid group of reliable , like - minded people that are there for you and that understand your unique purpose and passion is crucial . they can offer advice when times are tough or challenging , provide great motivation / reflection to get ahead and share the best opportunities as they arise . we all know networking is something that we will get great benefit from , but for many of us it feels a bit like a chore . from time - consuming , crowded events , to expensive ticket prices for the rooms of people you actually want to meet , networking has likely resulted in at least one painful conversation and a stack of uninspiring business cards . the good news is this is changing an app is changing all of the pain and awkwardness that comes with networking . meet shapr , a free app that s reshaping networking for the 21 st century . shapr helps people connect in a meaningful way by facilitating a more comfortable , do - it - from - anywhere networking experience . using shapr , you can quickly browse profiles of nearby professionals who are actively looking to network . no search is required the app s smart algorithm uses your self selected interests and preferences to curate a daily list of like - minded professionals close to your location . just swipe through each profile you will get a notification once both professionals have mutual interest in a conversation . you can then use a pre - built icebreaker to say hello and set up a time to take that conversation offline shapr is easy to make an everyday habit . it only takes a minute ( over your morning tea and daily routine ) to swipe anonymously through the day s curated batch , but the opportunities could change your life . you can use the app to meet co - founders or investors for your business , partners for your next big project , or just friends in your industry . just visualize where you want to be , and then use shapr to meet the right people to help you get there . or better yet , grab coffee with someone interesting off the app to help figure out what your next big goal is . marc angelo , one of our very own contributors to collective evolution has actually used the app and shares : honestly , genuine connection with people who share my passions is something i am constantly open to and when i discovered shapr i truly loved it . the experience of meeting others in my home town has been tougher given a world in which social dynamics are run through a filter of social media and well , shapr helped me cut through the noise and meet some really cool people minutes away from my front door . how does shapr differ from other social or networking platforms first off , its smart algorithm does the work for you . there is no endless search , and no chance of bots on the app ( other than the friendly welcome profile when you first sign up ) . all people are authentic , verified and real . the app promotes a more mindful approach to networking , in order to build a consistent community of long - term relationships . the end result a vibrant pool of smart , curious and compatible professionals who are all actively expanding their networks . start connecting today , and download shapr on your phone for free
islamic nations again dominate list of ' countries where it is most dangerous to follow jesus ' january 22 , 2018 eight of the ten countries where christians face the worst persecution are islamic nations , according to open doors usa ' s 2018 " world watch list , " which attributes the maltreatment to " islamic oppression . " and of the top 50 " countries where it is most dangerous to follow jesus " in this year ' s report , no fewer than 36 are members of the organization of islamic cooperation ( oic ) , the bloc of muslim - majority states . the advocacy organization reports that 215 million christians - one in 12 worldwide - experience high levels of persecution . during the reporting period for the 2018 list , it says , 3 , 066 christians were killed , 1 , 252 were abducted , 1 , 020 were raped or sexually harassed , and 793 churches were attacked . the two non - islamic states among the ten worst persecutors of christians in the latest report are north korea - the stalinist regime has topped the list every year since 2002 and does so again this year ; and eritrea , an authoritarian dictatorship that has ranked in the top ten since 2015 , and is in sixth place this year . the eight islamic nations in the top ten are , in order of severity of the persecution , afghanistan , somalia , sudan , pakistan , libya , iraq , yemen and iran . taking places 11 to 20 are india , saudi arabia , maldives , nigeria , syria , uzbekistan , egypt , vietnam , turkmenistan and laos . all are oic members bar india ( a hindu - majority nation with a large muslim minority ) , and communist - ruled vietnam and laos . syria has dropped out of the top ten for the first time in five years . in 2014 , open doors ranked it as the third - worst persecutor of christians . among islamic states where persecution of christians is rife are countries deemed to be important u . s . allies , such as afghanistan ( 2 ) , pakistan ( 5 ) , iraq ( 8 ) , saudi arabia ( 12 ) , egypt ( 17 ) , jordan ( 21 ) , qatar ( 27 ) and turkey ( 31 ) . the world watch list report scores countries on a scale of 0 to 100 points ( with 100 characterizing the greatest degree of persecution ) , based on a research process that draws from data from field workers and external experts and includes " questions covering five spheres of life and the prevalence of violent incidents . " the five spheres are church life , national life , community life , family life and private life . the worst persecutor this year , north korea , scored 96 points , while the next nine ranged from 93 for afghanistan to 85 for iran . islamic countries account for well below one - third of the total number of countries in the world . yet they have dominated the top ten of the open doors ' annual list of christian persecutors every year for more than a decade . ( graph : cnsnews . com / data : open doors usa ) back in 2004 , only four of the top ten countries were islamic . ( the six non - islamic countries on that year ' s list were north korea , laos , vietnam , bhutan , burma and china . ) the number of muslim states among the top ten then rose steadily - to five in 2005 and 2006 , to six in 2007 and 2008 , to seven in 2009 . every year since 2010 , either eight or nine of the ten countries listed have been islamic . islamic oppression ' apart from the consistently list - topping north korea , other countries which have perennially featured among the top worst persecutors of christians in open doors ' reckoning include : - - iran , which has made the report ' s top ten every year since 2004 , reaching as high as second place in 2010 and 2011 . - - afghanistan , which has made the top ten every year since 2007 , reaching second place in 2012 and again in 2018 . - - somalia , which has been among the top ten every year since 2009 , reaching the position of the world ' s second - worst persecutor in 2014 , 2015 and again in 2017 . - - iraq , which has made the top ten every year since 2011 , reaching second place in 2016 . - - pakistan , which has been in the top ten every year since 2014 , reaching as high as fourth place in 2017 . the trump administration this month for the first time placed pakistan on a " special watch list " for religious freedom violations , but stopped short of assigning the more weighty " country of particular concern " ( cpc ) designation . the ten currently - designated cpcs are burma , china , eritrea , iran , north korea , sudan , saudi arabia , tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan . those ten countries all feature on the open doors list - which focuses on persecution of christians specifically , rather than religious freedom violations in general - ranging in position from 1 st ( north korea ) to 43 rd ( china ) . major trends in christian persecution identified by open doors this year include the rise of religious nationalism , seen especially in countries like india and burma ; and intense persecution in former soviet central asian republics , coming both from nationalist pro - islamic governments and from societies where islam is reviving . the spread of radical islam is a particularly key factor . " islamic oppression is one of the most widely recognized sources of persecution for christians in the world today - and it continues to spread - aiming to bring many parts of the world under shari ' a law , " the report says . " the movement , which often results in islamic militancy and persecution of christians , is expanding in asia ( philippines , bangladesh , indonesia ) and africa ( egypt , nigeria , somalia ) . " courtesy of cnsnews . com
new york the new york city ferry was stranded in the east river monday night after the vessel reportedly went aground . the nypD and fDny were responding . passengers aboard near pier 11 posted video of the scene as life jackets were handed out and rescue boats were deployed . it was unclear if the ferry was taking on water no injuries were reported . all the new choppers are overhead . nbcnewyork reports a ferry hit a post and got stuck . looks like nycferry is helping out along with nypD . pic . twitter . com / lmlyswtiiW jason rabinowitz ( airlineflyer ) november 27 , 2017 the nyc ferry is operated by hornblower and travels between manhattan , brooklyn , queens and the bronx on the east river .
los angeles several wildfires continued to rage in southern california wednesday . the largest of the blazes the fast - moving thomas fire in ventura county had charred more than 65 , 000 acres ( 24 , 000 hectares or 94 square miles ) , according to cal fire . the fire began north of santa paula , near steckel park and thomas aquinas college , on december 4 . on tuesday , governor jerry brown declared a state of emergency in ventura county , due to the thomas fire . this fire is very dangerous and spreading rapidly , but we ll continue to attack it with all we ve got , brown said . it s critical residents stay ready and evacuate immediately if told to do so . the fires mainly affected a forested , hilly area to the north of ventura , but flames have encroached into the northern edge of the city . on december 6 , cal fire estimated that 12 , 000 structures were threatened by fire . powerful santa ana winds intensified the fires . forecasters with the los angeles office of the national weather service warned that the region is in the midst of its strongest and longest santa ana wind event of the year . they issued red flag warnings for los angles and ventura counties through december 8 , noting that isolated wind gusts of 80 miles ( 130 kilometers ) per hour are possible . officials say no human fatalities were confirmed but say that one dog has died . infeRno in l . a : scene earlier today in southern california ( la county ) pic . twitter . com / lwMKdw7y83 breaking911 ( breaking911 ) december 6 , 2017 scene earlier today in southern california ( la county ) pic . twitter . com / ziy6xh6xaa breaking911 nature ( b911nature ) december 6 , 2017 apocalyptic scene in southern california as wildfires continuepic . twitter . com / ppfmo9Hto2 breaking911 ( breaking911 ) december 6 , 2017
join keith as he tests out the power of a . 50 caliber bmg on a whitetail doe hunt .
many dog owners know not to toss a turkey or chicken bone to their dog ; those bones are just too brittle . but the u . s . food and drug administration ( fda ) says the risk goes beyond that , especially when it comes to the bone treats you may see at the store . what s a bone treat fda has received about 68 reports of pet illnesses related to bone treats , which differ from uncooked butcher - type bones because they are processed and packaged for sale as dog treats . a variety of commercially - available bone treats for dogs including treats described as ham bones , pork femur bones , rib bones , and smokey knuckle bones were listed in the reports . the products may be dried through a smoking process or by baking , and may contain other ingredients such as preservatives , seasonings , and smoke flavorings . so if you re planning to give your dog a stocking full of bone treats this holiday season , you may want to reconsider . according to carmela stamper , a veterinarian in the center for veterinary medicine ( cvm ) at the fda , giving your dog a bone treat might lead to an unexpected trip to your veterinarian , a possible emergency surgery , or even death for your pet . illnesses reported illnesses reported to fda by owners and veterinarians in dogs that have eaten bone treats have included : gastrointestinal obstruction ( blockage in the digestive tract ) choking cuts and wounds in the mouth or on the tonsils vomiting diarrhea bleeding from the rectum , and / or death . approximately fifteen dogs reportedly died after eating a bone treat . the reports , sent in by pet owners and veterinarians , involved about 90 dogs ( some reports included more than one dog ) . in addition , fda received seven reports of product problems , such as moldy - appearing bones , or bone treats splintering when chewed by the pet . tips to keep your dog safe here are some tips to keep your dog safe : chicken bones and other bones from the kitchen table can cause injury when chewed by pets , too . so be careful to keep platters out of reach when you re cooking or the family is eating . be careful what you put in the trash can . dogs are notorious for helping themselves to the turkey carcass or steak bones disposed of there . talk with your veterinarian about other toys or treats that are most appropriate for your dog . there are many available products made with different materials for dogs to chew on . we recommend supervising your dog with any chew toy or treat , especially one she hasn t had before , adds stamper . and if she just isn t acting right , call your veterinarian right away
a video released by the us defence department shows an encounter between us navy aircraft and a ufo over san diego in 2004 .
sacramento governor edmund g . brown jr . today issued an emergency proclamation for ventura county due to the effects of the thomas fire , which has damaged critical infrastructure , destroyed hundreds of homes and caused the evacuation of residents . this fire is very dangerous and spreading rapidly , but we ll continue to attack it with all we ve got , said governor brown . it s critical residents stay ready and evacuate immediately if told to do so . the full text of today s proclamation is below : procLamation of a state of emergencY whereas on december 4 , 2017 , the thomas fire began burning in ventura county and continues to burn ; and whereas this fire has destroyed hundreds of homes and other structures and continues to threaten homes , necessitating the evacuation of tens of thousands of residents ; and whereas this fire has damaged and continues to threaten critical infrastructure , causing widespread power outages , and has forced the closure of major highways and local roads ; and whereas extreme weather conditions including strong winds have further increased the spread of this fire ; and whereas the federal emergency management agency has granted a fire management assistance grant to assist with the mitigation , management , and control of the thomas fire ; and whereas the circumstances of this fire , by reason of their magnitude , are or are likely to be beyond the control of the services , personnel , equipment , and facilities of any single local government and require the combined forces of a mutual aid region or regions to combat ; and whereas under the provisions of government code section 8558 ( b ) i find that conditions of extreme peril to the safety of persons and property exists in ventura county due to the thomas fire ; and whereas under the provisions of government code section 8571 i find that strict compliance with the various statutes and regulations specified in this order would prevent , hinder , or delay the mitigation of the effects of the thomas fire . now , therefore , i , edmund g . brown jr . , governor of the state of california , in accordance with the authority vested in me by the state constitution and statutes , including the california emergency services act , and in particular , government code section 8625 , herebY procLaim a state of emergencY to exist in ventura county . it is herebY ordered that : 1 . all agencies of the state government utilize and employ state personnel , equipment , and facilities for the performance of any and all activities consistent with the direction of the office of emergency services and the state emergency plan . also , all residents are to heed the advice of emergency officials with regard to this emergency in order to protect their safety . 2 . the california national guard shall mobilize under military and veterans code section 146 ( mobilization in case of catastrophic fires ) to support disaster response and relief efforts and coordinate with all relevant state agencies , including the office of emergency services , and all relevant state and local emergency responders and law enforcement within the impacted areas . 3 . the office of emergency services shall provide local government assistance to ventura county , if appropriate , under the authority of the california disaster assistance act , government code section 8680 et seq . , and california code of regulations , title 19 , section 2900 et seq . 4 . state statutes , rules , regulations and requirements are hereby suspended to the extent they apply to the following activities : ( a ) removal , storage , transportation , and disposal of hazardous and non - hazardous solid waste and debris resulting from the thomas fire that has burned and continues to burn in areas that are subject to the jurisdiction of agencies within the california environmental protection agency and the california natural resources agency ; and ( b ) necessary restoration and rehabilitation of timberland , streams , rivers , and other waterways . such statutes , rules , regulations and requirements are hereby suspended only to the extent necessary for expediting the removal and cleanup of debris from the thomas fire , and for implementing any restoration plan . individuals who desire to conduct activities under this suspension of statutes , rules , regulations , and requirements shall first request that the appropriate agency secretary , or his delegate , make a determination that the proposed activities are eligible to be conducted under this suspension . the secretary for the california environmental protection agency and the secretary for the california natural resources agency shall use sound discretion in applying this order to ensure that the suspension serves the purpose of accelerating cleanup and recovery , while at the same time protecting public health and the environment . this order shall apply to , but is not necessarily limited to : solid waste facility permits ; waste discharge requirements for storage and disposal ; emergency timber harvesting ; emergency construction activities ; and waste discharge requirements and / or water quality certification for discharges of fill material or pollutants . to the extent it is within their administrative authority , the boards , departments and offices within the california environmental protection agency and the california natural resources agency shall expedite the granting of other authorizations , waivers , or permits necessary for the removal , storage , transportation , and disposal of hazardous and non - hazardous debris resulting from the thomas fire , and for other actions necessary for the protection of public health and the environment . 5 . as necessary to assist local governments and for the protection of public health and the environment , state agencies shall enter into contracts to arrange for the procurement of materials , goods , and services necessary to quickly assist with the response to and recovery from the impacts of the thomas fire . applicable provisions of the government code and the public contract code , including but not limited to travel , advertising , and competitive bidding requirements are suspended to the extent necessary to address the effects of the thomas fire . 6 . the provisions of unemployment insurance code section 1253 imposing a one - week waiting period for unemployment insurance applicants are suspended as to all applicants who are unemployed as a direct result of the thomas fire , who applied for unemployment insurance benefits during the time period beginning december 4 , 2017 and ending on the close of business on june 4 , 2018 , and who are otherwise eligible for unemployment insurance benefits . 7 . vehicle code sections 9265 ( a ) , 9867 , 14901 , 14902 , and 15255 . 2 , requiring the imposition of fees , are suspended with regard to any request for replacement of a driver s identification card , vehicle registration certificate , or certificate of title , by any individual who lost such records as a result of the thomas fire . such records shall be replaced without charge . 8 . the provisions of vehicle code sections 4602 and 5902 , requiring the timely registration or transfer of title are suspended with regard to any registration or transfer of title by any resident of ventura county who is unable to comply with those requirements as a result of the thomas fire . the time covered by this suspension shall not be included in calculating any late penalty pursuant to vehicle code section 9554 . 9 . health and safety code sections 103525 . 5 and 103625 , and penal code section 14251 , requiring the imposition of fees are hereby suspended with regard to any request for copies of certificates of birth , death , marriage , and dissolution of marriage records , by any individual who lost such records as a result of the thomas fire . such copies shall be provided without charge . 10 . the provisions of california penal code section 396 prohibiting price gouging in times of emergency will remain in effect until june 4 , 2018 , to protect the disaster survivors in the affected counties . the 30 - day time period limitation under subsection ( b ) is hereby waived . i further direct that as soon as hereafter possible , this proclamation be filed in the office of the secretary of state and that widespread publicity and notice be given of this proclamation . in witness whereof i have hereunto set my hand and caused the great seal of the state of california to be affixed this 5 th day of december 2017 . __________________________ edmund g . brown jr . governor of california
the interdimensional hypothesis ( idh or ih ) , also called the extradi david sereda discussing ufos caught on camera during the NAsA space shuttle sts - 80 mission . david sereda discussing ufos caught on camera during the NAsA space shuttle sts - 80 mission . the interdimensional hypothesis ( idh or ih ) , also called the extradimensional hypothesis ( EdH ) , is an advanced theory by jacques vall e that says unidentified flying objects ( ufos ) and related events involve visitations from other " realities " or " dimensions " that coexist separately alongside our own . it is an alternative to the extraterrestrial hypothesis ( EtH ) . link - en . wikipedia . org .
summary rating from 2 user ' s marks . you can set own marks for this article - just click on stars above and press " accept " . fifty shades of grey is a hit christian novel and movie about a wonderful man grooming his future wife in a fundamental skill , being domestic stay - at - home mother . etta james , author fifty shades of grey is a superb christian - romance novel series by american writer etta l . james . the book quickly developed a cult - like following , because it . . christian movie review : fifty shades of grey fifty shades of grey is a hit christian novel and movie about a wonderful man grooming his future wife in a fundamental skill , being domestic stay - at - home mother . fifty shades of grey is a superb christian - romance novel series by american writer etta l . james . the book quickly developed a cult - like following , because it shows what it is like for a woman to date and marry a sterling christian man with republican values . women worldwide have come to realize the lifestyle , the thrills and excitement , that comes with marrying a man with a lofty moral compass , compassion for his woman and life and the capitalist blessings that god gives those of us who walk in his light . this weekend the movie has already surpassed the passion of christ , another great movie about a moral man giving all for those he loves . james first came up with the book s concept after reading stephanie meyer s twilight series . what if these characters were realistic and edward was a wealthy christian , she mused to herself . starting off with just a bit of penned fan fiction for the net , james realized she had written her biggest hit yet by the instant cult following her writings received . it was not before long that we got the first novel , then the latter two , that we will explore here and understand why the fifty shades of grey movie , just like most true republican men , is irresistible to women . fifty shades of grey starts out in seattle , where a college - literature student named anastasia gets to interview a handsome , well - built 27 - year - old billionaire venture capitalist named christian grey . when you read about christian grey , you immediately think about a young mitt romney . confident , republican , dominant and commanding the submissive : these are all admirable christian qualities that make women melt , as we find in this hit movie that s grossed 81 . 7 million in its opening weekend . christian grey is an avatar for a young mitt romney in this flick . james pick of the name christian grey and use of mitt romney for his inspiration is perfect . mitt romney has christian values , he is youthful but has those wise greying temples , which sends women stamping their hind legs like a cat in heat . stephanie meyers is mormon , so it makes sense that the source man for the book and movie follows that faith . but the plot quickly transcends into the world of christianity in james bent , when it explores the fundamental concept of republican virtues and values : wealth , strong sensuality for the eventual / wife and overcoming internal demons . hence the name christian grey . christian grey is a flawed man . a jezebel named mrs . robinson beguiled him when he was only 15 - year - old . at an age where he just wanted to focus on his studies and faith , an old cougar preyed on him and ruined his mind a bit . christian overcame his internal hurt by focusing on business and becoming successful , just like everyone else in his family . but christian still had that hole in his soul , put there by mrs . robinson . how many young men have had to suffer just that same fate , at the hands of some toned - up vixen on the prowl christian instantly realizes anastasia is going to be his wife , but is worried that she is only 21 - years - old . therefore he creates some clear lines for her , and this is where everything gets quite juicy and salacious . christian grey sets out an agenda , explaining to ana that there will be no romance , just a strict values - driven relationship . he will be the dominant man and she the submissive wife . it takes a while for anastasia to come to terms with this dynamic , but she slowly explores it and realizes the child - inducing sensations from following biblical edict and submitting to christian s authority . and it is the allure of this dynamic that makes fifty shades of grey have a 94 approval rating among women . there is a lie that satan has spread in our world : christian men are boring at home , especially when kicking the sheets . james proves the truth of the matter is definitely opposite . christian s core demand for ana is very simple : he wants her to learn something crucial being domestic stay - at - home mother . he cutely codes this as their secret anagram , that is her learning to bdsm . when she sees those letters or hears christian say he wants to further develop their bdsm , she blushes and her inner goddess cries out in pleasures , because she knows he is wanting to teach her to be a good , passionate wife who will bring their marriage years of pleasure . there is no reason for her to go out and work , since he is rich . christian just wants her to not do damaging things , like going out to get drunk with her old college - friends , not being seduced by just a friends like jose rodriguez , not being seduced by crazed - bosses like jack the ripper at sip and not being jealous of his ex - girlfriends . through a lot of grit and near - misses , ana eventually comes to realize being a bdsm christian wife cooking , raising a family , cleaning , staying chaste , being passionate and not cheating is not that bad and gives christian two beautiful children and they live out life in their mansion happily ever after . book : fifty shades of grey ( fifty shades darker , fifty shades freed ) christian book rating : m ( for moral , due to : wealthy christian protagonist , showing development of healthy relationship , cougar gets punished , fun - inside look inside the christian home , nuclear family , capitalist values , bad - guys ( stalkers , adulterers , corporate miscreants ) always get punished ) share and enjoy
phoenix , az arizona gov . jan brewer is calling on taxpayers to foot a 1 . 5 million dollar bill , which would change the state fish from the apache trout to something less symbolically tolerant of brown people . this morning , the governor s
salt lake city - with the iraq war having ended ages ago , and the war in afghanistan really winding down , many local republicans are worried that soon there might not even be one war going on . we barely have a very
on the anniversary of the attack on the diplomatic facility located in benghazi , libya , congressman jason chaffetz ( ut - 3 ) decided to legally change his last name to benghazi . how else will this administration listen i have so much to say about this
mormonoclast writer orson scott card built a new home in the foothills of draper with explicit instructions to his builders to ensure there were no closets whatsoever in the house , no sir , not one . i mean , why would i want a closet , or need a closet i think far too much attention is given to closets and that which is held within the closet , so i don t want a closet , i don t need a closet , i can t stand the closet , said the firebrand author of the ender s game series . an anxious card looked around , then pointed toward recently - completed , parallel formica countertops and said , i m going to drop the a off these buggers , if you know what i mean . you know what i mean , right i m orson scott card . the new home is conservative in appearance , and with no closets it provides the southern virginia professor a chance to spatially use his creativity to see what he can cram into what outsiders might see as a normal home , but is in fact missing vital components upon closer inspection . trey stone , building the home for card , said , i m worried that mr . orson card isn t aware of the consequences of having no closets . sure , the majority of square feet in the home will be used as comfort rooms for him , but those small closets play a big role . i mean , how is he going to have a wardrobe surely the only way to dress nicely is by having a closet . without the closets , is it even a home it s more like , i dunno , a big it instead . the 1985 square - foot rambler honors the release year of his magnum opus ender s game , which won both hugo and nebula awards for the author , and was just released theatrically . he plans to use the home as a respite from the plush , humid landscapes of north carolina that he calls home . the dark secret of homeowning society the one that dares not speak its name is how many homeowners first entered into that world through a disturbing seduction of closets , and how many of them yearn to get out of the homeowners community and live normally , card said , followed by a series of heavy breaths . i m being forced to comply with way too many zoning ordinances . i also see out - of - work urban men working on my home , which is weird since they clearly look like out - of - work urban men . i can t say for certain that they are in obama s national police force , but i can t say for certain that they aren t in it , either . this is all really , really gay .
american fork s east 17 th ward s excitement erupted on monday afternoon , as word of an online petition spread like wildfire or scattered seed all over the face book feeds of the congregation s members . i knew i had to take a firm stand , so i put my name and zip code in the online form , and created a profile . it was so easy to access . i love when the internet can be used so easily ; i just type something into a box and have precisely what i m looking for show up and hope that the bandwidth isn t clogged . sometimes you have to drop it from 1080 p to 480 p for it to load . uh , the petition . to load , said ward clerk wally d . nyles . the petition reads in part : even children can type in the word cat or home or soup and instantly be inundated with offensive and disturbing pornographic images . parents and individuals have to go to great lengths to install internet filters that often don t weed out all porn we are asking that people who are interested in porn should have to seek it and choose it . they should have to opt in for it by making arrangements to receive it with their internet service provider . everyone else should be free from it and assumed opt out . brother jerry goff , whose brother jacques refusal to sign the petition gives him quite a rise , happily shared the petition on facebook , and said the moral imperative was throbbing within him . the petition has a goal of 100 , 000 signatures . i m pretty sure that means once we hit that threshold , pornography will vanish from the internet quicker than a minimized browser upon heard footsteps near the downstairs study , goff said . according to the zipcodes listed , the petition is making rounds throughout utah , idaho , and the rich - pockets of southern california . i m impressed with Lds members choosing to hold to the rod . it d be one thing if they were going to extremely overt lengths to hide human habits by overcompensating with public denials , but i just see the humble , principled suggestions toward living a moral life clean from licentious behavior , said af east 17 th ward bishop forrest gildt . sister tammy wilkers asked her husband jeff wilkers when he was going to sign the petition , and he said , [ opt - in ] is gonna be like those i promise i am 18 warnings , right yeah , i can sign that . i think that is a great idea , i ve never seen the reason to want to click the i promise i am 18 button , not now , and definitely not when i wasn t of legal consumptive age back in the day . yeah , i ll sign this petition . will it show up on my credit card bill oh , it s free . yeah , cool . you are going down . yes , youporn ; you are going down .
phoenix , az arizona gov . jan brewer is calling on taxpayers to foot a 1 . 5 million dollar bill , which would change the state fish from the apache trout to something less symbolically tolerant of brown people . this morning , the governor s office released a statement , which read in part : we don t want people to get the idea that we support diversity in arizona , and having our fine state represented by a weird indian fish clearly sends mixed signals to the public . the governor s statement also cited the 1997 change in utah s state fish from the rainbow trout to a less gay fish , the bonneville cutthroat trout . that s the kind of moxie we need from our lawmakers here , the statement read . we would like to change our state fish to something badass like the bonneville cutthroat , but it isn t indigenous to arizona , so that ain t happening . this proposal has the public at both sides of the immigration debate in an upheaval . first they pass unconstitutional laws that basically criminalize being a minority , and now this , said legal arizona resident miguel hernandez . it s ludicrous but minorities are not the only irritated party . benny gibbs , a 62 - year - old white republican , claims that it isn t the state fish that needs to be changed . i like that our state is represented by such a beautiful and majestic fish like the apache trout . i think it s the indian tribe that needs to change its name . after all , this is america not native america we were here first . when reached for a follow - up comment , gov . brewer shied away from providing details about how the 1 . 5 million dollars would be allocated , but she interjected that there are other methods we can employ to solve this problem , such as hiring death squads to entirely eradicate this breed of trout from arizona waters , but that seems extreme to me .
chicken sandwich empire chick - fil - a has announced a major name change to chick - phil - a , to honor the now unemployed duck dynasty millionaire phil robertson , who made comments equating logic with penis placement . it s a homonym , but not a homo - nym , said chick - phil - a chief operating officer dan t . cathy , no stranger to capitalizing on the anti - LGbt fervor of right - wingers that love chicken fingers . the chain s more than 1 , 700 restaurants will now work quickly to change logos on all marquees , pressed napkins , to - go bags , and cups while the upcoming college football chick - phil - a bowl game will keep a couple of interns away from their families over christmas in order to change the graphics , merchandise , game programs , and other minutia surrounding the upcoming acc - SEc gridiron battle in atlanta , Ga . in related news , chick - phil - a supporter mike huckabee is delighted with the restaurant s devotion to the cause of cisgendered heteronormative traditions and said he was this close to changing his last name to duckabee , but cold feet and an aversion to ordering new business cards kept the former presidential candidate from taking the plunge .
claiming he was just putin one over us , the kremlin announced today that russian troops will begin withdrawing from crimea , since the elaborate april fools joke has run its course . our leader has a great sense of humor , and so few know this , said a kremlin official to beehive bugle s russia correspondent . he loves to mimic the posturings of a strong , aggressive leader , but deep down he is soft as teddy bear . president putin , a man not typically known for his sense of humor , appears to have fooled almost everybody , including many in his own country . i love a good practical joke , and i wanted everyone to think we were veering towards another cold war , the apparently jovial , zest - for - life leader said , only a few weeks after drawing criticism for his bellicose behavior towards the ukraine . i mean , only a fool would go russian in like that , the usually joyless , headstrong leader further quipped . while relieved , leaders have expressed their disapproval with putin s peace - jeopardizing hi - jinks . responding to this , putin has simply said oh , crimea river , after which world leaders had to laugh and admit it was pretty funny . oh , that guy what are we going to do with him , said one diplomat in the newly - restored g8 council . share this : facebook twitter tumblr reddit google print email
obama is officially declaring war on easter president obama has been waiting for this exact moment to seize all happiness and joy from the playful minds and hearts of happy easter - celebrating christians this weekend . the easter weekend has been in early celebration since friday . obama has been lying in wait under the murky waters of hatred to spring forth this brutal and ugly war time upon the happily drinking and unsuspecting christians as they celebrate this happy and joyful time of nice weather , glorious deeds done by christ , and friends and family gatherings . not only has this been obama s plan all along , but his entire cabinet has helped him plan this ugly time of war from beginning to the inevitable end . it makes me sick how he could do this to us he plans to release his deadly force of chemtrail jets on easter sunday upon families as they gather for the easter celebration . be aware of his evil plans as you and your family celebrate this happy time . beware the obama share and enjoy
god unleashes coldest blizzard in history of america , gays are to blame the gays have once again forced god s hand of wrath into action . just one day after valentine s day in the newly gay friendly america , look at what god has unleashed upon us . it is obvious that he s very upset that so many married male couples shared romantic dinners , fleshy knowing eye gazes across the candlelit tables as their marriage rings glistened beneath the candle light . the national weather service has warned this is a biblical series of storms , while the mayor of boston has taken to social media to beg people to stay inside their homes and hide away from the most brutal winter weather of the modern communication era . our christian broadcasting center reported the news as seen to the right , where a heavy snowfall is expected in areas dense with homosexual marriages . share and enjoy
resources mentioned on the radio and podcast
resources mentioned on the radio and podcast
resources mentioned on the radio and podcast
resources mentioned on the radio and podcast
resources mentioned on the radio and podcast
when john stonestreet and i wrote restoring all things in 2014 , the hardest part was deciding what stories to put in and what stories to leave out . we were looking for stories of christians making a difference in their communities . we found hundreds of them , and it soon became evident that there were thousands . although we crammed more than a hundred into the book , we had barely touched the tip of a magnificent iceberg . since the book was published , john and i have encountered hundreds more stories that if we were writing restoring all things today would be candidates for inclusion . take , for example , the story of charlotte rescue mission . executive director tony marciano believes any attempt to help the homeless that does not include a strong spiritual component is destined for failure . the statistics bear him out . the vast majority of people who go through addiction rehabilitation programs relapse soon after leaving the program . but charlotte rescue mission s success rate , while nowhere near 100 percent , dramatically exceeds that of secular programs . why marciano told me : if you could use one word to explain what we do , it s transformation . we work from the inside out . we don t work from the outside in . we re not looking at the symptoms of what causes them to self - destruct . we want to know why they re doing it . at the root of an addict is what we call a shame - based identity . shame says , i am wrong . i m defective . if you knew me , you wouldn t like me . if god knew me , god wouldn t like me . unless they deal with that shame - based identity , that person will continue to self - destruct over and over and over again . why the gospel why are we a gospel rescue mission because it s the power of god s unconditional love that is found in jesus christ that really can crack through that shame - based identity . in restoring all things , john and i told stories , like that of charlotte rescue mission , because stories have the power to change both minds and hearts . jesus taught his followers with stories . in fact , mark 4 : 34 says , he did not speak to them except in parables . my friend ( and wilberforce weekend 2018 speaker ) andrew peterson is fond of saying , if you want someone to hear the truth , tell them the truth . if you want them to love the truth , tell them a story . damon of athens once said , give me the songs of a people , and i care not who writes their laws . that s why every friday , my end - of - week column will include stories of christians who are engaged with god in the great task of restoring all things . these stories will address one or more of the four questions at the beginning of restoring all things : what is good in our culture that we can promote , protect , and celebrate what is missing in our culture that we can creatively contribute what is evil in our culture that we can stop what is broken in our culture that we can restore i already have dozens of such stories , but we can never have too many . the world is hungry for them . and in a society that is at best apprehensive , and more often antagonistic , toward christian ideas , the credibility of the church often depends on such stories . james 1 : 22 tells us to be not merely hearers of the word , but doers also . these kinds of accounts provide evidence of the doing to a watching and skeptical world . stories proclaim that we christians are ready , willing , and able to practice what we preach . and they provide examples and encouragement for others to go and do likewise . so if you know of people and ministries that deserve a wider audience , please email me at wsmith colsoncenter . org . i can t promise you i ll use every story . but i can promise you i will consider every idea , and respond to every email . the late robert webber , an influential teacher , writer , and theologian who spent much of his career at wheaton college , once said , the most pressing spiritual question of our time is this : who gets to narrate the world let it be us . let us begin now .
a winter storm hitting the east coast could easily shatter all - time records in regards to cold temperatures . by the end of the week , we could all be freezing , to say the least . this storm seems to thr
es morning update january 25 th 2018 headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next well , the bulls finally lost the rising green trendline of support . but the sideways action from the 22 nd this week has only formed a tight trading range from the high to the low yesterday . today s challenge is for the bulls to make yet another higher high on the backside of that rising green trendline . and from the looks of the maCD s they will have an excellent chance at doing so . the move down yesterday did weaken the bulls a little but overall it s still a bullish market . it s looking more and more like the next possible turn period will be around the FomC meeting next week . but while in the old days we would see it have a bullish close about 80 of the time that day , ( then the next day would turn down ) , we haven t seen that happen much in the last year or so . it s become almost a non - event lately as everyone knows well in advance what s going to be said at the meeting so it s no big surprise , and therefore no big reaction in the market . anyway , for today it looks bullish to me but it s still very overbought on many time frames . it s hard to chase a market so overbought and every time you see a pullback you think it s finally going to rollover and do at least an abC move down , but instead it s just one fast wave down that ends and then it s back to the bullish trend . nothing new here gang , just more of the same ol never ending trend upwards to the moon . the maCD on the 6 hour chart ( not shown ) is trying to curl back up as well , which should add support for this 60 minute maCD pointing up this morning . odds are good for a new all time high again today so i d be shocked if it didn t happen . i don t have any more to say as again it looks bullish right now . anything can change by the close , so if it peaks out and rolls over i d look for that 2840 area now as support and the new yellow rising trendline i just drew . source : < URL >
united arab emirates : ramada ajman team harvests organic crops at its urban farm of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next click image to see larger file . ramada hotel suites ajman s green committee , together with the pre - opening team of wyndham garden ajman corniche , harvested organic produce at its own urban farm located at the hotel premises . by sarakshi rai hotelier middle east jan 24 , 2018 the crops include eggplants , radishes , tomatoes , rocket and mint leaves , and chilli peppers , among others . covering 430 square metres of space , ramada ajman s urban farm grows seasonal crops which are used in the hotel s in - house kitchen . the activity aimed to highlight the importance of sustainability among the heads and staff of the newest hotel led by iftikhar hamdani , the cluster general manager of ramada hotel suites ajman and ramada beach hotel ajman . link . source : < URL >
top dem calls release the memo conspiracy theory of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next by adam salazar , infowars : democrats downplay memo ahead of release a classified memo purporting to show the obama justice department illegally spied on the trump campaign is nothing but a conspiracy theory , according to a top democrat representative . in a letter addressed to the chairman of the house judiciary committee tuesday , rep . jerry nadler said the so - called nunes memo has been distorted by republicans to their political advantage and distracts from the special counsel investigation into russian interference in the 2016 election . it is a profoundly misleading document . the house committee on the judiciary must act without delay to correct the record and in your words to permit special counsel mueller to complete his investigation without interference , nadler says . asking for a copy of the memo to be made available to the committee , nadler tells house judiciary chairman bob goodlatte that the four - page memo is being misrepresented and that intelligence committee chairman devin nunes has concocted a conspiracy theory . you and i have had the opportunity to review many of the documents that the intelligence committee claims are the basis for its memo . those materials tell a very different story than the conspiracy theory concocted by chairman nunes and being repeated in the press . nadler also notes concerns with reports that russian bots are promoting the releasethememo hashtag and attempting to amplify this message . rep . nadler isn t the first democrat to come out against the memo ahead of its release . ranking house intelligence committee member adam schiff also pushed back against it , saying nunes memo was rife with factual inaccuracies , and is meant only to give republican house members a distorted view of the fbi . meanwhile republicans including rep . matt gaetz say the memo highlights injustices that go to the very foundations of democracy . i think that this will not end just with firings , gaetz told fox news last week . i believe there are people who will go to jail . the house may vote as early as next week on whether to release the memo , which the president would then have to sign off on . white house press secretary sarah sanders on tuesday said president trump would likely be inclined to sign off on a release of the memo in the interest of full transparency . we certainly support full transparency and we believe that is at the house intel committee to make that decision at this point , sanders said . it sounds like there are some members in the house that have some real concerns with what is in that memo and feel very strongly that the american public should be privy to see it . read more infowars . com source : < URL >
have you seen palladium s tradable price pattern headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next are you prepared for the next big move in the metals markets would you like to know what to expect in the immediate future that could save you thousands of dollars then pay attention to this message as we share something most traders are overlooking right now . our research team at technical traders ltd . have spent years developing our skills and financial modeling systems . right now , many traders are seeing the big upward price swings in the metals as a sign that prices will continue higher . well , in the long run , they are correct . but right now we believe the metals will roll over and trend lower for the next few weeks setting up for the next leg higher . palladium is a perfect example of this rollover expectation . both the current long term monthly chart shows signs of a massive double top , and the daily chart wedGe / pennant formation is likely a washout high rotation pattern that will prompt lower prices over the next few days / weeks . Monthly palladiUM chart this monthly chart to us is nothing more than a reason for the overbought palladium market to have a minor pullback before potentially running to new highs . we could see a couple weeks or potentially a few months of weaker prices , but the point here is that price is overbought and at resistance on the long - term chart and imminent pullback is likely to occur for a tradable short or to re - enter after the price has corrected and shows signs of strength for another run higher . daily palladiUM chart as you can see from this chart , we are expecting a rotation lower based on our modeling systems predictive capabilities that will result in a substantially lower price swing possibly as much as - 8 to - 10 . we believe support will be found just above the 1000 price level . additionally , our adaptive dynamic learning ( adl ) modeling system is designed to scan historical price activity of any chart and find the unique price and technical indicator formations that operate as dna markers for the price . it then continues to scan for new or repeating dna markers in the market to determine probable outcomes of the price going forward . in this case , the adl system is predicting a lower price swing to near 1020 near or after february 8 th . after this price contraction , the adl system is expecting a solid rally to form . this should be important to all investors because long traders in the metals should wait for this pullback to happen before getting into heavy positions . our analysis shows we should see a - 4 to - 8 price pullback within the next week or two before support will be found . obviously , buying near the lowest point is the objective of trading and we believe the february 5 th through february 8 th time frame should provide the optimal bottom rotation period for metals traders . would you like to receive daily video analysis of our research for all the major markets as well as continue to receive our advanced research reports want to know that the Us majors indexes are going to do tomorrow or next week take a minute to investigate the technical traders [ just visit here ] to learn how we can assist you in your trading . learn how we called this move in the Us indexes for 2018 and how we can continue to identify market moves before they happen with our proprietary modeling systems . chris vermeulen source : < URL >
american airlines quarterly profits hit by higher fuel and labour costs of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next american airlines group ( nasDaQ : aaL ) said fourth quarter profits fell on higher labour and fuel costs even as revenue rose on last - minute bookings and robust international demand . in the last three months of 2017 , net profit dropped to Us 258 mln , or 54 cents per share , from Us 289 mln , or 56 cents per share , the same period a year earlier . operating expenses increased 9 . 8 from a year ago to Us 9 . 9 bn , driven by a 23 . 5 rise in consolidated fuel costs and a 7 gain in wages and benefits . however , excluding non - recurring costs , the airline earned 95 cents per share , beating the 92 cents per share expected by analysts polled by thomson reuters . revenue climbed to Us 10 . 6 bn from Us 9 . 8 bn last year thanks to strong global demand . the company s revenue per seat mile edged up 5 . 6 year - on - year as available seat miles gained 2 . 5 . american expects first quarter revenue per seat mile to rise between 2 and 4 compared to the year - ago period . the group has been segmenting its cabins into smaller classes of services , such as a basic economy and premium economy , in an effort to boost revenue and profits enough to offset rising fuel costs . american said it expects its premium economy , which offers a larger seat and more legroom for a higher fare , to be installed on most of its widebody fleet by the spring of 2019 . shares were little changed at Us 54 . 79 each in Us pre - market trading . story by proactiveinvestors source : < URL >
new technologies coming to cruise ships headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next cruise ships certainly seem to be taking advantage of the latest technologies . some of the newest advancements incorporate facial recognition or allows guests to order a service by using an app . all of this technology does make cruising a lot more hassle free and more enjoyable for passengers . with the success of these technological advances , there s even more items in the works for the following cruise lines . carnival cruise line this cruise line has revealed that it wants to make all of it s fleet into smart ships within the next two years . passengers won t have to use their smartphones as they will be given a medallion . it will be about the size of a quarter and it will contain information about the passenger to make their experience onboard the ship more personalized . it will have the ability to interact with various features on the ship thanks to the thousands of sensors that it will contain . capabilities include stateroom doors that automatically unlock when a passenger approaches the door with the medallion and a geolocation feature that allows crew members to find the passenger no matter where they are on the ship . another great feature is that passengers can bypass lines if they check in online before their cruise . medallions will be mailed to them with all their information loaded on it or they will be available for them to pick up at the port . norwegian cruise line passengers will need to use their smartphones to access the newest technology on this cruise line . norwegian will have their own app that passengers can use to check in for their cruise and go paperless and not have to deal with a bunch of documentation when boarding the ship . they can also use the app to purchase amenities or drinks , make reservations or book excursions . passengers will have access to the ship s free wifi so that they can use the app . this app is currently only available on the norwegian sky , but will be available on the entire fleet by the beginning of 2019 . royal caribbean cruise line it s not surprising that this cruise line is making some improvements as well . it seems as if royal caribbean is constantly rolling out new innovations in the cruise industry such as surfing simulators , virtual balconies and bumper cars . in the future they plan on introducing technology that will allow passengers to check in using facial recognition , which will eliminate the need to stand in lines . they will also be able to make dinner reservations with a royal caribbean app . about 15 percent of royal caribbean s ship do have this app currently enabled with this number doubling by the end of 2018 . passengers will also not have to worry about where their luggage is because of rfiD tags that will be placed on their luggage . this will allow passengers to have the ability to track their bags as they make their way to their rooms . celebrity cruise line the new celebrity edge cruise ship will offer for the first time at sea , infinity balcony cabins . at the touch of a button your balcony your cabin will be right at the waters edge . take a look for yourself in the video below . the post new technologies coming to cruise ships appeared first on . source : < URL >
summit therapeutics shares jump on exciting interim results of ezutromid study of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next shares in summit therapeutics plc ( lon : sUmm , nasdaQ : smmt ) shot up by a third after it released encouraging data for its treatment for duchenne muscular dystrophy ( dmd ) . the interim results for the phaseout study revealed a statistically significant and meaningful reduction in muscle damage in patients taking the company s treatment , ezutromid . read : the release in detail the significant reduction in muscle damage coupled with the increase in utrophin expression seen in phaseout dmd trial patients at 24 weeks is very encouraging as it suggests ezutromid may slow the relentless cycle of muscle fibre degeneration and regeneration that is a hallmark of dmd , said professor francesco muntoni . he is a director of the dubowitz neuromuscular centre , at the Ucl institute of child health and great ormond street hospital for children , london , uk , and the principal investigator in summit phase ii clinical trial . these favourable interim results are certainly a step forward in the development of utrophin modulation as a treatment approach for this fatal disease in all patients with dmd , he added . the headlines from the study treatment with ezutromid resulted in a statistically significant and meaningful reduction in muscle damage as measured by a 23 decrease in mean developmental myosin in muscle biopsies at 24 weeks compared to baseline ( 11 . 37 to 8 . 76 , 95 ci , - 4 . 33 , - 0 . 90 ) . developmental myosin is a biomarker of muscle damage and is found in repairing fibres . a total of 14 of 22 patients showed a decrease in developmental myosin , with five of those showing a greater than 40 reduction . increase in mean utrophin protein intensity levels of 7 in biopsies at 24 weeks compared to baseline ( 0 . 370 to 0 . 396 , 95 ci , - 0 . 005 , 0 . 058 ) . duchenne muscular dystrophy is a rare muscle - wasting disease that affects boys . summit s research into the role of utrophin in dmd was based on the work of dame kay davis , who made the link 30 years ago . dystrophin replacement the protein is functionally and structurally similar to dystrophin , which is lacking in children with the disease . preclinical studies revealed the continued expression of utrophin had a meaningful , positive effect on muscle performance . the current trial appears to bear out the current findings . the surprise is that its effects of ezutromid have been detected so early in the process . investors will be updated next on the trial in the third - quarter , when phaseout hits the 48 - week stage . on the back of the interim data , the shares shot up 60 p to 237 . 5 p , valuing summit at almost 180 mln . hugely excited the company s chief executive , glyn edwards , on a conference call said he was hugely excited by the data as he announced plans to accelerate preparations for a pivotal clinical trial . he said he wanted to apply steroids to the current plans to make them bigger , better and faster . analysts were taken through a presentation by david roblin , the company s chief medical officer . this data set is strong and we are really pleased with it , he said . adds conference call update story by proactiveinvestors source : < URL >
cnbc to offer news briefs on homepod headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next from talking biz news cnbc will beginning offering an audio news brief for homepod , apple s new wireless speaker for the home . homepod will be available to order on friday , jan . 26 . customers can say , hey siri , play business any content specified as talking biz news content is the intellectual property of talking biz news . any copying , republication or redistribution of such content , including by cacheing , framing or similar means , is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of talking biz news . source : < URL >
many of us have has that sinking feeling , driving home from work and obeying the rules of the road . every time you pass a cop fear consumes you , and t
if you haven t heard of ed gein yet by the time you are done reading this you will most likely be thoroughly disgusted . also known as the butche
its that time of year again . we ve compiled the list of football manager 2018 starting budgets for premier league teams and there are some surprises . we don t have any slideshows or hidden ads just the complete simple list . let us know in the comments which team you re picking . huddersfield looks like a challenge here are a list of all the football manager 2018 starting budgets for premier league teams in GDp : 20 ) huddersfield : 8 million 19 ) watford : 8 million 18 ) crystal palace : 8 million 17 ) swansea : 10 million 16 ) burnley : 10 million 15 ) newcastle 10 . 75 million 14 ) bournemouth : 14 million 13 ) brighton : 17 million 12 ) everton : 20 million 11 ) leicester : 24 million 10 ) stoke : 27 million 9 ) west brom : 28 million 8 ) southampton : 30 million 7 ) west ham : 32 million 6 ) man utd : 42 million 5 ) chelsea : 64 million 4 ) tottenham : 65 million 3 ) liverpool : 75 million 2 ) man city : 80 million 1 ) arsenal 80 million check out our list of last years starting budgets here . like us on facebook for the latest football manager 2018 news . what are your first impressions let us know below
former cbs evening news anchor , dan rather , will burst upon the media scene with a new weekly news show . his nontraditional 30 - minute evening newscast is set to appear weekly on this surprising network . his show , the news with dan rather , will focus on original reporting , with more attention to those stories , and analysis . rather said the format focuses on substance , cnn reported : the format is designed to allow me to focus on substance no bells and whistles . the set is literally my office . the 86 - year - old rather told cnn : at this age and stage in my life , my attitude is , what the hell . i am not the smartest guy around and don t know everything , but i have been blessed as a reporter and have seen a few things . and now i have moved to a different place . i want to contribute if i can . the newsman continued : i feel strongly that when you have a president who is continually , relentlessly damning the press , individuals by name , individual institutions and calling the press the enemy of the people listen , this has to be resisted . this is a time when everybody needs to be counted . i don t want to be preachy about it , but we have a real responsibility , those of us in journalism and those of us who have experience in journalism , to do what we can . these efforts to convince the public that people in the news are dealing in fake news is quite frankly bullshit . network founder and ceo , cenk uygur , said the young turks network needs people with an authentic point of view : we just need people to have an authentic point of view . and dan s point of view is not only smart and informed and incredibly experienced , but also authentic . rather summed it up : if we do this project right , i do think we can have some effect . i don t kid myself that we are going to have much effect on someone who is a follower of breitbart or fox news . but even if we can have a little effect i think some of the authenticity can get through to some of these people . the news with dan rather premieres monday on the young turks network at 5 : 30 p . m . et . featured image via getty images / cindy ord .
why did president trump really extend the iran nuclear deal again january 22 , 2018 like many conservative iran watchers , i was disappointed with president trump ' s decision last week to extend the controversial july 2015 nuclear agreement with iran ( the jcpoa ) by waiving sanctions and giving congress and european states a final chance to " fix " this agreement in 120 days . this decision was especially disappointing given the recent iranian protests and that the president issued a similar ultimatum in october 2016 . however , there appear to be some undisclosed reasons for this decision that give me hope the president will kill this terrible agreement in the near future . a deeply flawed and dangerous agreement critics of the jcpoa were hoping that president trump would reimpose u . s . sanctions - which would essentially kill the iran deal - because they believe he was exactly right when he said during the 2016 presidential campaign that the jcpoa is the worst deal ever negotiated . to get this " legacy " nuclear agreement with iran for president obama , secretary of state john kerry and other obama - administration officials made any concession necessary to tehran . this included allowing iran to continue enriching uranium with over 5 , 000 centrifuges and to develop advanced centrifuges ; to construct a plutonium - producing heavy - water reactor in iran ; to wipe clean a long list of unanswered questions about nuclear - weapons - related activity ; and to agree to a deal with extremely weak verification provisions . there are credible reports of iranian cheating on the agreement , including several accounts from german intelligence agencies . it gets worse . the jcpoa lifted terrorism - related sanctions from iranians and iranian entities . iran ' s missile program - which is a nuclear - weapons - delivery system - was excluded from the deal because of a last - minute demand by iran . under a side deal , the united states secretly paid iran 400 million in ransom to swap five innocent americans imprisoned by iran for the release by the u . s . of seven iranian criminals and the removal of 14 other iranians from an interpol wanted list . according to a bombshell december 18 , 2017 , politico story , " the secret backstory of how obama let hezbollah off the hook , " the obama administration also blocked an investigation of drug trafficking by hezbollah - iran ' s terrorist proxy - to secure the nuclear deal . president obama and secretary kerry claimed that the nuclear deal would help bring iran into the " community of nations " and improve u . s . - iran relations . this didn ' t happen , however . iran ' s behavior got worse . it sent troops into syria after the deal was announced . it continued to support the houthi rebels in yemen and gave them missiles that they used to attack saudi arabia and ships in the red sea . it also has proceeded with its ballistic - missile program and tested some missiles with the words " israel must be wiped off the map " emblazoned on them . iran also appears to have used sanctions relief to fund terrorism . in 2016 , tehran reportedly pledged 70 million to the palestinian terrorist group islamic jihad to conduct " jihad " against the state of israel . in 2017 , the iranian government quadrupled its annual support to hezbollah to 830 million and resumed providing aid to the palestinian terrorist group hamas . although the amount of iranian payments to hamas has not been released , we do know that tehran provided it with 50 million per month prior to a breakdown in relations in 2012 . the iranian government ' s squandering of huge sums of sanctions relief for belligerent purposes worsened the country ' s poor economy and led to the recent protests after a rise in prices of eggs and poultry . food prices are a sensitive issue in iran since the price of many basic foods increased by 40 percent over the last year . there also is a high rate of inflation - about 10 percent in 2016 - and youth unemployment of about 40 percent . the economic situation is so bad that there are reports , according to the los angeles times , of iranians selling their organs to raise cash . president trump ' s iran - deal fixes fall far short these and other major problems with the jcpoa are why president trump has repeatedly criticized it . but last week , when trump gave congress and european leaders 120 days to fix its major flaws , he demanded the following changes that mostly fall far short of doing so : 1 ) require iran to allow immediate inspections at all sites requested by international inspectors . this fix misses the mark because iran is already required under the jcpoa to allow iaea inspectors access to any site they ask to visit . the problem is that the iaea refuses to ask to visit places such as military bases that iran says are off - limits to inspectors . 2 ) ensure that iran never comes close to possessing a nuclear weapon . a laudable goal , but vague and meaningless , especially since the president ' s fixes do not address two of the jcpoa ' s major flaws : allowing iran to enrich uranium and giving it a light - water reactor . 3 ) lifting the jcpoa ' s sunset provisions so the deal never expires . this is also meaningless because it fails to address many flaws of the nuclear deal , such as uranium enrichment , and leaves unanswered questions about iran ' s past nuclear - weapons work . there is no point in lifting the jcpoa ' s sunset provisions if iran is allowed to continue enriching uranium . 4 ) congress must legally link iran ' s nuclear and missile programs and subject the missile program to severe sanctions . unlike the above changes , this one is sensible and long overdue . the weaknesses of the president ' s jcpoa fixes reflect the weaknesses of his top advisers on the iran deal - principally national security adviser mcmaster and secretary of state tillerson . both have opposed president trump ' s efforts to withdraw from the iran deal over the past year and have repeatedly tried to delay the president ' s final decision on the agreement . but it doesn ' t matter how weak these fixes are because there is no chance that congress or european states will do anything to implement them . congress is divided between democrats determined to protect president obama ' s legacy deal with iran and republicans who view it as a dangerous fraud . as a result , it is very unlikely that senators bob corker ( r . , tenn . ) and ben cardin ( d . , md . ) will succeed in their effort to pass legislation to fix the accord . europe does not want to amend the jcpoa , in part because of trade deals it struck with iran after the accord came into effect . and to no one ' s surprise , iran is adamant that it will never renegotiate the jcpoa . what ' s really behind president trump ' s " final " extension of the iran deal although president trump ' s decision last week was disappointing , there may be three undisclosed reasons behind his move that suggest he plans to withdraw from the agreement in the near future . the first two reasons are based on a discussion about the iran deal that a friend of mine had with the president last month . first , trump told my friend that even though he gave congress 90 days in october to pass legislation to fix the jcpoa , he believed that strong partisan differences among lawmakers would prevent them from passing any substantive fixes . i believe that this remains the president ' s view . so why would the president kick the nuclear deal to congress for a second time if he predicts that congress will not act that brings me to a second possible reason for president ' s decision : as much as he hates the jcpoa and wants to kill it , he told my friend , north korea takes precedence , and he does not want both crises blowing up at the same time . given the extremely high tensions with north korea and the need to work with our allies to isolate pyongyang , it makes sense that president trump might want to delay gutting the iran deal at this time . there may be a third reason president trump extended the iran deal : he needs better personnel to implement an exit from the jcpoa . with rumors swirling that mcmaster and tillerson could leave the administration over the next couple of months , trump might be postponing a decision to exit the jcpoa until they are replaced by advisers who will fully support and aggressively implement such a decision . ambassador john bolton would be the best person president trump could bring into his administration to oversee a u . s . withdrawal from the iran deal . not only does bolton have extensive government experience and an in - depth understanding of the iran nuclear issue , he also authored a plan last august on how the u . s could withdraw from the jcpoa and work with our allies - especially israel - to replace it with a much better arrangement . making ambassador bolton the next national - security adviser could end the infighting in the administration on the iran deal and also would probably improve the implementation of trump ' s national - security policies on radical islam , north korea , climate change , russia , china , and other issues . so i say to my fellow conservative iran watchers : take heart . although president trump ' s decision to extend the iran deal again was disappointing , i believe he had good reasons for delaying a u . s . exit from the agreement . signs suggest that he will withdraw from the accord in the near future , possibly when he has a better national - security team in place .
ruth bader ginsburg ( rbg ) is something of a hero to women across the country . the supreme court justice is one of the pioneers of the court and continues to be one of the most relevant people in the legal system . ginsburg , 84 , has a rigorous workout and maintains her schedule . recently , saturday night live actor , kate mckinnon , portrayed her , and the justice enjoyed it . during a sundance cinema talks conversation , people wondered how much longer she could carry on with her vital job as a liberal justice . she said thanks for asking , according to the los angeles times : as long as i can do the job full steam , i will be here . she joined the supreme court in 1993 . democrats are concerned that should she leave the court , donald trump would fill the seat with a more conservative man and make the court right - leaning heavy . the earliest she could leave the supreme court would be 2021 , at age 88 , but she does not plan to step down even then . rbg has law clerks staffed through the court s 2020 term . when justice ruth bader ginsburg started her legal career , it was a different world . at the sundance film festival , she spoke about the metoo movement , npr reported : it s about time . for so long women were silent , thinking there was nothing you could do about it , but now the law is on the side of women , or men , who encounter harassment and that s a good thing . so far it s been great . when i see women appearing every place in numbers , i m less worried about a backlash than i might have been 20 years ago . ginsburg recalled times she experienced sexism as a student and a teacher : every woman of my vintage knows what sexual harassment is , although we didn t have a name for it . she asked a cornell chemistry instructor for a practice exam , but he gave her a copy of the real one : i knew exactly what he wanted in return . ( i ) went to his office and said , how dare you how dare you do this and that was the end of that . when ginsburg was at columbia law school , the school laid off 25 women in the maintenance department , but not one man . rbg headed to the university s vice president for business to tell him that the school was violating title Vii . he told her : professor ginsburg , columbia has excellent wall street lawyers representing them and would you like a cup of tea ginsburg had two children at the same time she was founding the aclU women s right s project , and working as a columbia professor . in addition , she litigated cases across the country and before the supreme court . one day she got a call from her son james school : . the child was what his teachers called hyperactive and i called lively . ( after a call from the school , she said ) this child has two parents . please alternate calls . it s his father s turn . the justice said : the calls came barely once a semester and the reason was they had to think long and hard before asking a man to take time out of his work day to come to the school . the remarkable thing about marty ( her husband professor ginsburg ) is that he cared that i had a brain . no guy up until then was the least interested in how i thought . featured image via getty images / robin marchant .
palestinian anti - semitism january 22 , 2018 when a pro - palestinian group tweet an anti - semitism cartoon straight out of der sterner and a major pro - israel advocate uses facebook to inform people of this awful crime , what happens the pro - israel advocate is blocked by facebook for distributing hate material when a pro - palestinian group tweet an anti - semitism cartoon straight out of der stermer , and a major pro - israel advocate uses facebook to make people aware of this awful crime , what happens the pro - israel advocate is blocked by facebook for distributing hate material that pro - israel advocate is me . how stupid and wrong can facebook and their algorithms be do they really think an israeli jew could share such hateful anti - jewish material to promote such a disgraceful anti - israel screed possibly , having seen examples of horrendous anti - israel slander by a number of israeli jews . but try contacting a human being at facebook to tell them of their mistake . impossible . the faceless facebook workers are letting the programmed robots rule . to the point , this awful cartoon highlights what i have been speaking and writing about for years . at the deep and nasty heart of pro - palestinian activists is an inner jew hatred .
sen . dick durbin ( d - ill . ) ( screenshot of c - span video ) ( cnsnews . com ) - speaking on the senate floor monday prior to a vote to break the filibuster and eventually reopen the federal government , democratic whip sen . dick durbin ( d - ill . ) called the issue of legalizing illegals under the daca program ( deferred action for childhood arrivals ) is the civil rights issue of our time . so many of you cast a vote that was very hard and very difficult , because you believed as i did that the issue of immigration , the issue of the dreamers is the civil rights issue of our time . you stuck your necks out and said i m willing to go on record even if it s going to be hard to explain back home , and i will never forget that , durbin said prior to the vote . durbin said he s seen something in the last few days that the senate has not seen in years : constructive bipartisan conversations and dialogue on the floor about the future of this institution and what the senate will be from this point forward . he thanked sens . susan collins ( r - maine ) , lisa murkowski ( r - alaska ) , jeff flake ( r - ariz . ) , lindsey graham ( r - s . c . ) , and cory gardner ( r - colo . ) , who ve been working on this issue for so long to try to make a positive impact on this debate so that we can move forward . i cannot tell my colleagues how many have come up to me from the other side of the aisle and said , we re with you on this issue . we want to help you get this done . each of them has a little different take on what that means , but i do believe them , and i do believe we have this opportunity to move together , the senator said . it will be the first time some have seen the senate return to a regular order and have a constructive debate , durbin said . my last word is this : we have gathered the largest bipartisan group of senators to ever commit to moving forward on the dream act and immigration . we have a process . i want to thank senator mcconnell for explicitly saying today , it will be a level playing field . it will be open to both sides . we will move to the issue as you characterized it this morning of daca and immigration . thank you for doing that . i believe that that sets the stage for us to work together , he said . in a vote of 81 to 18 , the senate voted monday after durbin s speech to invoke cloture and end the filibuster that prompted the government shutdown . prior to durbin s speech , senate minority leader chuck schumer ( d - n . y . ) took to the senate floor and blamed the lack of consensus on the republicans not knowing what president donald trump wanted . the reason why the republican majority had such difficulty finding consensus is they could never get a firm grip on what the president of their party wanted to do . these days you never know who to deal with when it comes to the republicans . the republican leaders told me to work out a deal with the white house . the white house said work it out with republican leaders on the hill , schumer said . separately , president trump turned away from not one , but two bipartisan compromises . each would have averted this shutdown . each would have led to a deal on the budget and health care and disaster aid and things like opioids and veterans and pensions and on immigration , the senator said . my recent offer to the president was a generous one . i put his signature issue on the table in exchange for daca , and still he turned away . president trump s unwillingness to compromise caused the trump shutdown and brought us to this moment . the facts are well known , he added . according to white house budget director mick mulvaney , schumer offered to authorize the wall , but not fund it . full funding for the wall , no , mulvaney told chris wallace on fox news sunday when asked whether schumer offered to fully fund the border wall in a meeting with president donald trump on friday . what mr . schumer offered the president was an authorization for funding , not an appropriation . i know that ' s deep down in the weeds for folks who don ' t live in washington , d . c . , but the difference between authorization and appropriation is like night and day , he said . there was already authorization to build wall on the southern border that chuck schumer voted for in 2006 . it hasn ' t been built because the money was never appropriated , it was never funded , mulvaney said . and that ' s the same deal that chuck schumer offered on saturday .
you can be sure that islam 101 currently being taught in american public schools under the qatari - funded common core program leaves out the most important parts of islam that every american child should know .
donald trump has a thing about the word nuclear . he has been baiting north korea s leader , kim jong un , for months , threatening that his ( nuclear ) button is bigger than the smaller nation s button . now , the man in the oval office has urged the senate to go nuclear . what does that mean and will they go along with him trump has been hiding somewhere within the white house , and the only signs of life are his tweets . that is , unless you count uber - conservative staffer , stephen miller . the president sent out this tweet : great to see how hard republicans are fighting for our military and safety at the border . the dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked . if stalemate continues , republicans should go to 51 ( nuclear option ) and vote on real long term budget , no c . r . s the president wants senate majority leader mitch mcconnell ( r - kY ) to go 51 ( nuclear option ) . that would fundamentally shift the power of the legislature . now , it takes 60 senator votes to pass the budget and restart the great machine that is our government . perhaps , trump realizes his republican rule will end at the mid - term elections , and this is his last , best chance to do anything . hopefully , senator mcconnell will hold firm in his belief that 60 votes are necessary . of course , mcconnell s wife , elaine chao , is trump s secretary of transportation . that may give the president some leverage over the senator . ironically , chao is an immigrant herself . she came to the u . s . with her family from taiwan when she was just eight years old . trump made a deal with senate minority leader , chuck schumer ( d - nY ) . senator schumer told 45 to tell him how much he wanted his wall on the u . s . s southern border . trump did , and the deal was set . hours later , the president cancelled it . as schumer says , the president can t agree to a yes . one of the biggest problems for both democrats and republicans is that trying to deal with trump is like trying to deal with jello . the president has changed his mind over and over . unfortunately , miller has interfered in the process multiple times . senators lindsey graham ( r - sc ) and dick durban ( d - il ) initially went to the white house with a deal already in hand . by the time they got there , miller had invited a group of far right republicans and quashed the deal . someone needs to lead just not stephen miller , the little dictator . featured image via getty images .
kellyanne conway has finally begun to come out of the shadows after her alternative facts fiasco . it has taken some time , but donald trump is a little short on people to speak for him . when the president tried to use his chief speechwriter , stephen miller , the result was disastrous . miller came across like a little dictator , so conway got her shot in the limelight , once again . on fox friends , she decided she could talk about the super bowl and trash talk former secretary of state , hillary clinton at the same time . conway was wearing her eagles green and managed to slip in a comment about donald trump being friends with the owner of the patriots , bob kraft : the patriots are in the super bowl again and they haven t been in the super bowl since last year . we were so happy to have the patriots here ( at the white house ) last year when they won . but we want to have the eagles here this coming year . kellyanne conway continued : and i ll just say that the underdog here is the eagles and you know me , i love an underdog . the patriots are like that woman ( hillary clinton ) whose name i don t mention on tv anymore . people always count out the eagles . oddly , when she appeared on cnn recently , conway was firm that nobody in the white house discusses clinton : we don t care about her . nobody here talks about her . nobody here talks about hillary clinton , i promise you . the counselor to the president had high praise for her eagles nfL team during her fox friends interview , because they never took a knee while the national anthem was playing . many other players did so to peacefully protest police violence against the black community and racism . conway said they never discuss clinton , but in trump s first year as president , he tweeted about clinton and / or her 2016 presidential campaign 77 times . that averaged out to one hillary tweet every 4 . 7 days . trump is obsessed with clinton . on january 11 , he tweeted : disproven and paid for by democrats dossier used to spy on trump campaign . did fbi use intel tool to influence the election foxandfriend did dems or clinton also pay russians where are hidden and smashed dnc servers where are crooked hillary emails what a mess donald trump capped off the end of the year , slamming hillary clinton in a tweet : vanity fair , which looks like it is on its last legs , is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at crooked h . anna wintour , who was all set to be amb to court of st james s a big fundraiser for ch , is beside herself in grief begging for forgiveness in late october , the president tweeted : never seen such republican anger UnitY as i have concerning the lack of investigation on clinton make fake dossier ( now 12 , 000 , 000 ) trump could barely wait until after january 1 , 2018 to send out his first tweet : crooked hillary clinton s top aid ( sic ) , huma abedin , has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols . she put classified passwords into the hands of foreign agents . remember sailors pictures on submarine jail deep state justice dept must finally act also on comey others . check out the video of kellyanne conway using the super bowl to talk trash clinton on fox friends : featured image via getty images / mark wilson .
he always told her that he liked it rough . but when she got caught up in the surge of excitement , she took things much further than he ever desired . during an aggressive lovemaking session in taiwan , a wife accidentally bit off her husband s testicle . and when they realized what they had done , they called for an ambulance . during the call , the wife repeatedly says , i accidentally bit it off i accidentally bit it off and when the emergency crew arrived , the man was holding his severed testicle in a rice bowl . the violent accident happened the day after christmas in taichung in west taiwan . we can only imagine the horrible screams the husband must have released after his wife chewed his testicle off during their post - christmas lovemaking session . somehow he managed to remain conscious following the accident . and when emergency responders arrived , he was wearing a bathrobe and holding his testicle in a bowl . he was 51 - years - old , and his surname is wang . a news website in taiwan named apple daily reported that the 49 - year - old wife with the surname hsieh accidentally tore of her husband s right testicle when things got out of control in the bedroom . the emergency call was placed at about 2 am on december 26 . she was screaming for them to send an ambulance after she accidentally castrated her middle - aged husband . according to apple daily , the couple has been married for many years . and although they have two children together and have known each other for a long time , they still have a passionate love life . but perhaps it was a bit too intense . wang worked at a car repair shop and was enjoying the vigorous lovemaking session with his wife until she chewed his testicle off his body . paramedics arrived to find the couple panicking . they were waiting for them at the entrance to their apartment . the paramedics had never seen anything like it before . but that did not cause them to hesitate . they rushed wang to tungs taichung metro harbor hospital . he was treated by the emergency room supervisor named lu li - hau . li found wang s scrotum to be torn apart . he sutured it back together , but he was unable to reattach the man s testicle because he feared it would result in an infection . we were concerned that he would not be able to regain proper function of his testicle , which could lead to male infertility in the future , dr . li explained . dr . li does not know whether the accident has affected wang s fertility . and at the time of this writing , wang is still recovering in the hospital . the injury appears not to be life - threatening . some reports indicate that the accident occurred during a surge of excitement . and hsieh is reported , according to some sources , to suffer from a mental illness . it is unclear if wang will ever be able to forgive his wife for the emasculating mistake . fortunately , there are not many stories like this happening around the world . what is your reaction to this tragic accident in the bedroom
a pennsylvania mom has taken to social media to claim her daughter s teacher re - pierced her ears . as though teachers were not already getting enough slack for their inability to keep classrooms under control and provide a solid education to america s next generation . all it takes is stories like this to deepen the mistrust that american people have in the educational system . the mother , a young woman named amanda , claimed her 7 - year old daughter had pierced ears when she was 3 but had not worn earrings for more than a week before letting them close up again . apparently , she would wear clip - ons occasionally , but most went without earrings especially at school . that s why amanda was so surprised when her daughter , who goes to school in new york city , came home with bruises on her lobes and freshly pierced ears . initially , her daughter was unwilling to go into detail about the piercings . after a prolonged period of questioning by amanda , she finally got her daughter to tell her the truth : her teacher had initiated the ear piercing and actually gone through with it despite her daughter saying it hurt this is a clear violation of the laws governing the school board . teachers are not allowed to do anything to the children they teach without getting consent from the parents , which doubles as consent for the kids . if you are a teacher and want to take your class on a field trip , you have to get the school to confirm it s okay and then have all the kids parents sign an insurance form to confirm it s okay . this process usually takes a couple of weeks to organize ( at minimum ) and requires lots of planning and waiting . the point is : as a teacher you cannot do anything to or with the kids you teach before contacting their parents . in this case , the teacher was acting totally outside of their purview in piercing a child s ear . were they doing it to show off to other students did they use excessive force why did they not ask the parents if it was okay beforehand these are all questions that we will probably never get the answer to . suffice to say it leaves parents worrying about the state of their childrens education when they cannot even trust the teachers to be responsible . there was a time when teachers were ideal role models for the kids they taught . they would always arrive on time , never swear around kids , and always acted with kindness and decency . teachers were basically held to a higher standard then they are now , and children are the ones having to deal with the impact of this shift in standards . the problem is it s unclear what positive direction to take . what does the future hold it s uncertain because there is no way of knowing what the next generation will be like . all that can be said is that parents need to be excellent role models in every way for their kids . kids should be able to look up and mimic the best attributes that human beings have to offer : decency , understanding , respect for personal space these are all attributes that appear to be losing ground .
some people will try to sue others for anything and everything , when it seems like it would be a whole lot easier to go out and get a job of their own . the most recent of oddball charges , comes from a divorced new jersey couple . the woman is being sued by her ex - husband for writing certain memos on the weekly alimony checks that she writes him . the plaintiff is francis j . wagner jr . and he is reporting that his ex - wife is exacerbating his physical and emotional health because of the notes that she writes on the alimony checks that she sends him every week . as far as i m concerned i can write anything i want on the memo line because it s a note to myself , ex - wife , diane wagner said . i was the victim in that marriage . what more blood does he want from me i pay him religiously . diane , who allegedly was the victim of her ex - husband s drunken episodes for their ten years of marriage , has had enough of his immaturity . in addition to the weekly checks for 186 that he receives from diane , wagner also collects social security / disability . diane couldn t afford a divorce trial so she agreed to give him 744 a month in spousal support for six years , as long as he agreed that their marriage was over . on top of all of this , diane is currently receiving treatment for cancer and while she can barely afford the spousal support checks , her request for a reduction was denied . the law firm that is fighting on behalf of francis , trautmann trautmann , shared this very embarrassing post on their facebook page , while she was regularly sending her ex alimony payments alimony for the man the caption read , next to a photo of one of diane s redacted checks . what s funny is that the now ex - wife so hated paying our client the husband 800 per month for the next six years as alimony and she had written alimony / adult child support in the memo of the weekly checks until we put a stop to that harassment . seems more like diane is the one enduring mental distress in this situation . when i found out my personal business was on the facebook page , that caused me distress , she said . according to diane , this post was dated on march 11 , 2015 , and she didn t even receive notice from the law firm until july . the firm s july 22 nd complaint read the following please be advised that your writings are causing my client severe emotional distress and have led to him having sustained heart attacks in recent weeks . this letter didn t stop diane from her freedom of speech though , and since then she has been writing the acronym , foad on the checks . evidently , it means f off and die . the majority of commenters sided with diane he is just a lazy ass that doesn t want to work n then wants to sue now so he can take whatever she has left he is worse than an ass , his ex is suffering from cancer n the only thing on his empty mind is how to get more money to make sure his lazy ass don t have to go to work . i would hope when this goes back to court that the judge does the right thing n drops all this n tells him to get a job as there will be no more money coming his way for his big boy child support . i like diane . more people should be a diane . what a loser he is . she had to pay him to get divorced did i read that right he should be paying her for putting up with him . whose side are you on
if you ve passed through the helsinki airport , you may have been surprised with an unpleasant step in your travel experience . when checking in , finnair staff have started putting passengers on weighing scales to measure their personal baggage . while this practice seems like an offensive invasion of privacy , finnair claims to be doing it to recalculate their costs of travel . it is not part of their thin air strategy , as the bbc reports . the airline is merely surveying customers so they can check estimates on the total weight of their airplanes . airlines know what the aircraft weighs , what the check - in luggage weighs , but not what passengers weigh , said p ivyt tallqvist , communications director at finnair . to this end , finnair staff have been asking passengers if they d be willing to step onto a scale . the airline has already had 180 volunteers ready to step onto the scale with their carry - on luggage . a total of 2 , 000 passengers are needed to give finnair an accurate calculation of their regular payloads , tallqvist said . until finnair started weighing their passengers , they ve been using the standard weight estimates the european aviation safety agency ( easa ) provides . the easa estimates that the average male weights about 84 . 6 kg or about 186 . 5 pounds , and the average female weights 66 . 5 kg or about 146 . 6 pounds . as for children under 12 , the easa estimates their average weight is 30 . 7 kg or about 67 . 7 pounds . but the easa averages are not as accurate as finnair would like . for example , the average man traveling first class weighs more than one in the coach or economy seating . and for women , the reverse is true . women in first - class tend to weigh less than women in coach on average . the average carryon luggage weights 6 . 1 kg or 13 . 4 pounds . but this average falls in the summer when people travel lighter and men carry heavier bags than female counterparts on average . finnair hopes to get more accurate averages so they can save money on fuel and make better estimates . this difference will then translate into potentially lower ticket prices for customers . so many people actually wanted to take part in this , tallqvist said , indicating that the weigh - ins are anonymous . no one is forced on the scale . if finnair can adjust their weight estimates , they will also change their fuel levels and the speed of travel as well as the balance of the craft . the weight of the aircraft impacts on so many things , said tallqvist . we just want to verify that the data we are using is as accurate as possible . some skeptics wonder if the weigh - in results are skewed because some people are more likely to step onto a scale than others . of course , tallqvist had an answer for that and she s not worried . so far , all sorts of people are jumping onto the scale for the anonymous weigh in .
reuters / pawel kopczynski an illustration picture shows the logo of the u . s . national security agency on the display of an iphone in berlin , june 7 , 2013 . the national security agency has reportedly been using a voice - recognition system since 2004 . siri is one of the earliest digital personal assistants available to consumers , but it was only released in 2011 . then came amazon ' s alexa in 2014 and google assistant in 2016 . these programs are designed to take commands by accurately recognizing the voice of the device owner . however , an exclusive report from the intercept recently revealed that it was the nsa which had actually developed a seemingly effective voice - recognition system dating back to 2004 . the report cited a classified nsa memo dated 2006 that listed the accomplishments of the agency ' s voice - identification system and provided some details on how it worked . like many technological developments , nsa ' s reported voice - recognition system started with human work . according to the 2006 document , transcribers working on sigint ( gathering intelligence by intercepting signals ) were later able to identify subjects through " his voice and by his unique way of speaking . " later , by applying mathematical formulas and algorithms , the process has reportedly performed " surprisingly more robust and consistent than humans . " the intercept added that while nsa had been using fingerprints and facial recognition methods to track down their targets , the agency also saw a number of successes with voiceprints - a collection of speech - related information that noted that every individual has distinct voice characteristics due to specific qualities such as the " shape of the mouth " and the " length of the larynx . " the same report took note of pieces of information previously revealed by edward snowden that claimed the nsa had tools match a target ' s voice through an alleged database of intercepted voice and video calls even if they were using foreign languages , secret codes or phone numbers . meanwhile , it is unknown whether the reported nsa voice - recognition tool has had an actual effect on consumers , especially now that voice - activated digital assistants have become a staple in newer smartphone models . however , it is important to note that programs like alexa and siri effectively work through the storage of vital biometric information from their users . it can be recalled that last year , apple did reveal that governments had made requests to collect customer data for various reasons including cases of fraud and the suspected illegal use of their products and services . as the company claimed , these requests require search warrants but reports noted that these types of letters from governments often come with a gag order .
when the police finally left the campus , around 11 a . m . , nine civilians lay dead in the courtyard five of whom had been shot in the head .
the peace movement must recognize that war is an instrument of class rule , and that we have to overthrow this enemy and build and new society , on a new basis , said ajamu baraka ,
the whole of the ruling class is united in the campaign to squeeze the left out of the web .
s an diego school board members agreed tuesday night to end its parnership with designated terrorist group cair on a campaign allegedly to fight anti - muslim bullying generated by an exaggerated and mostly fake cair report . but as you will see below , the anti - bullying program was merely a smoke screen which would then allow cair s real agenda of islamic indoctrination of children to emerge . investigative project this is how it began : the san diego unified school district ( sdusd ) teamed up with the designated terrorist group cair ( council on american - islamic relations ) , a radical islamic organization , to devise and enforce an unconstitutional anti - islamophobia bullying program . as part of this program , muslim students were to get special protections and additional access to resources , while students of other faiths were excluded . cair has been in bed with the san diego school district since 2015 . in fact , in november 2015 , the board of education recognized cair for its community efforts . in preparation for the following school years , the san diego board of education had already outlined the cair plan , despite the fact that parents were rejecting its points of action : cair representative can t contain his exhilaration when the san diego unified school district initally agreed to adopt the cair islamic indoctrination program for their schools . the agenda item specifically mentioned that school board staff is redirected from forming a formal partnership with cair to forming an intercultural committee which shall include representatives of from all faiths and cultures and which shall provide input to district staff on issues of cultural sensitivities and the individual needs of various subgroups within our diverse community . not surprisingly for caliphornia , leftist speaker after speaker criticized the proposal for excluding cair and for not specifically emphasizing anti - muslim bigotry and islamophobia . cair - san diego executive director hanif mohebi managed to make that argument while still denying cair was singularly focused . we have never come out saying that it should only be one group . but i think also we should realize that it might be a mistake not to focus on groups that are targeted much more than the rest , mohebi said . so that being said , we expect the district to publicly acknowledge and recognize the work that we have done for over a decade with the school district . it was obvious , though , that board members reluctantly decided to implement a broader policy addressing bullying across cultures and religious backgrounds . vice president kevin beiser reaffirmed his support for cair and thanked it for over a decade of partnership , but said supported the revised proposal because i believe it codifies the board s commitment and my commitment to making sure that all students are safe . we do have certain groups of students who are bullied at much higher rates than other students . san diego parents not only protested this cair - sponsored program , they filed a lawsuit against the school district to stop it . sued the school district i n may , claiming the program did place muslim students above others , violating the first amendment s establishment clause , the fourteenth amendment and california law barring assistance to religion . they also claimed the anti - bullying program was a solution to an exaggerated problem . but lawyers with the freedom of conscience defense fund ( fcdf ) n may , claiming the program did place muslim students above others , violating the first amendment s establishment clause , the fourteenth amendment and california law barring assistance to religion . they also claimed the anti - bullying program was a solution to an exaggerated problem . none of the speakers advocating for cair s continued involvement addressed that constitutional concern . but the anti - bullying program was never about promoting a religion as some critics claimed , said board president richard barerra . lawsuit a report by cair s california chapters , growing in faith : california muslim youth experiences with bullying , harassment religious accommodation in schools inspired the program , fcdf sclaims . the school district s decision to back away from partnering with cair is an important victory , fcdf executive director daniel piedra told the investigative project on terrorism ( ipt ) . but he remains concerned that cair still may partner with the school district on other programs . mohebi and his allies seemed upset that they will not be able to use the school district to further their agenda , piedra said after the meeting . they talk about equality , but it s really orwellian because in their philosophy and the school board s philosophy , they are really saying that all students are equal but that some students are more equal than others , piedra said . consent decree fcdf could seek monetary damages , he said , but it may ask a judge to impose acompelling the school district to not partner with cair again . under the now - abandoned program , students accused of bullying muslim students were supposed to face restorative justice , requiring them to reconcile with the other student . the school district would provide monthly reports on the bullying of muslim students and post them online . the district s reversal follows the fcdf s amended complaint filed last month , which challenged cair s local effort to hide behind the label of being a civil rights organization . it pointed to testimony by cair co - founder and executive director nihad awad , who told the national labor relations board ( nlrb ) that it lacked jurisdiction over a fight over unionizing cair employees because cair is a religious organization . establishment clause cair letterhead includes the invocation , in the name of god , the compassionate , the merciful , which opens every chapter in the quran , charles l . posner , regional director of the national labor relations board , wrote in an april 7 ruling . this religious acknowledgement goes to the heart of the s separation of church and state . i nstituted a policy the loss of the san diego program is a set - back for cair s desire to take an anti - muslim bullying program national . it represents the biggest government rebuke to cair since the fbiin 2008 to break - off outreach programs due to cair s documented history in a muslim - brotherhood created hamas - support network in the united states . and it should send a message to districts throughout the country , piedra said , warning cair that his organization will sue any public school district that partners with it in a similar anti - bullying program . we want to be sure for the benefit of our schoolchildren that cair is kept out of america s schools , piedra said . if not for the determined parents in san diego , what you see in the video below was on its way to being entrenched in the public schools there , not to mention all around the country in the future as cair planned . see more here : islam in public schools related stories / videos : san diego : more parents demand that cair - sponsored special treatment for muslim students only and islam - teaching in public schools be stopped now this is how designated terrorist group cair , aided and abetted by the school board , is turning san diego schools into sharia - compliant islamic indoctrination centers san diego school board member attacked for policy of forcing students to be indoctrinated with pro - islam propaganda san diego : finally , after 8 years of pleading with parents to stop their schools from indoctrinating children with islamic propaganda , parents are beginning to fight back san diego public school district will create safe spaces for muslims while forcing non - muslim students to learn about islam
they will tell you this access islam program is sponsored by the department of education , but will not tell you that it is being funded by muslim countries , including qatar and saudi arabia , and pushed on schools by designated terrorist group cair . sign this petitiOn to dump access islam from public schools : inn ( h / t maurice ) the initial phase of the program involves the basic tenets of islam , called the five pillars of islam . teachers instruct students to create a poster about 5 pillars of islam to be displayed in classroom and around the school . according to the access islam syllabus , students explore and understand the basic beliefs of islam as well as the five pillars that guide muslims in their daily life . details of the access islam program can be seen here here are some highlights introduction describe the basic beliefs of islam ; explain the meaning of each of the five pillars of islam ; compare and contrast the five pillars of islam with the duties of other religions with which they are familiar . explain to students that in this lesson they are going to learn about the basic beliefs of islam and focus on learning about the core duties of muslims , the five pillars . divide the class into pairs and direct students to the muslims teachers guide frOntLine pbs website . provide them with a focus for media interaction , instructing them to read the sections : beliefs of muslims and major practices / duties of muslims and record , on their student response sheet 1 : the five pillars of islam , the six major beliefs and the name of each of the five pillars and a description of that pillar . after students have recorded this information , review the major beliefs and the five pillars as a whole class , addressing any questions , such as vocabulary and definitions , during the discussion . record a list of the five pillars on the board during the class discussion so students have a clear visual reference to all of the pillars throughout the rest of the lesson . shahadah : the repeating of this automatically makes your child a muslim in the eyes of islam . have students read about what it means to proclaim faith or belief as a muslim . have students , individually , silently read the shahadah . ask the students to think about what the shahadah means . why do they think that this statement is a significant part of being a muslim record their thoughts on their student response sheet 2 : the five pillars of islam handout , and discuss these questions as a class . saLat : next , students will look more closely at the second pillar , which is salat or prayer . have students watch the muslim prayer video . describe the process that muslims go through to prepare to pray . describe the process of praying in islam . how many times each day , and when , do muslims pray what do the prayers sound like what do the movements look like in which direction do muslims pray why do they face this way what are some of the things muslims say during prayer why do muslims pray how is prayer in islam similar to prayer in other religions how is it different why is prayer important in islam zakaat : donating money to the mosque , some of which goes to funding terrorism . what is zakaat what is emphasized in zakaat why do muslims make donations how much money is a person expected to give to charitable causes what is the relationship between prayer and money how is zakaat different from ordinary charity that muslims might give sawm : next , students will examine the fourth pillar , which is fasting . why is ramadan described as expecting a month long guest explain the guidelines for fasting during ramadan . when is eating allowed at what age does a muslim begin fasting does fasting only occur during ramadan are there other rules describe some of the challenges one might encounter when fasting during ramadan . describe some of the benefits . hajj means pilgrimage to mecca ( non - muslims banned ) students must answer the following : what is the goal or focus of the hajj what is the purpose of the special garments that the pilgrims wear how do these american muslims react to the hajj in what ways is it a meaningful experience for them what unanticipated responses did they have during their journey to arabia
not only that , they were assigned to work in groups in which they would simulate a historical hajj ( pilgrimage ) to islam s holiest city mecca ( aka makkah ) in saudi arabia during class . ( gee , i wonder if the teacher told the students that only muslims can enter the city of mecca at any time . no filthy jews or christians allowed , as you can see by the many signs like the one below found in saudi arabia ) fox news all of this was part of a class assignment used in newton public schools to teach about the israeli - palestinian conflict , a new report revealed . one father was particularly upset when he discovered his daughter had been assigned what he described as an inflammatory pro - palestinian , anti - israel article , according to the report . the man was told by the school s principal that lessons the next year would be even more upsetting to him . the class assignment , cities : connecting the islamic word , was published in an excerpt from a book by camera , the committee for accuracy in middle east reporting . as our concluding project on the islamic world , you will work in groups to simulate a historical hajj ( pilgrimage ) to mecca in class , a teacher wrote in the assignment description . each of you will be part of a group of muslim pilgrims from one of the following eight islamic cities or regions , around a rough time period . one of the eight islamic cities is jerusalem , and students are instructed to set up a tent , which will display newspaper articles about their cities and cultural artifacts to represent their islamic hometowns . indoctrinating our youth : how a u . s . public school curriculum skews the arab - israeli conflict and islam the camera report , , is a case study on allegedly biased materials used by newton public schools to teach 9 th and 10 th graders about the israeli - palestinian conflict and islamic history and culture . newton is located about seven miles outside boston , in a middlesex county suburb . citizens of newton have been waging a minor war with school officials for years now , trying to get them to use balanced curriculum in their teaching materials on the subject of islam and the israeli - palestinian conflict , judicial watch senior investigator bill marshall told fox news . op - ed marshall detailed his investigation , alongside chairman of citizens for national security dr . bill saxton , in anfor the american thinker . the results of the research compiled by saxton and marshall were used in the camera report . newton parents and residents contacted saxton , who heads cfns , a florida - based research organization that vets textbooks for factual accuracy to get them corrected or removed . saxton spearheaded the two - year effort with marshall at judicial watch to get the release of nearly 600 pages of teaching material from the newton public schools . saxton told fox news the newton school board and superintendent were very uncooperative and non - transparent regarding what was in their textbooks . i m not sure we got everything , saxton said . [ but ] we got so much damning material to go ahead with it . he added : parents and grandparents have absolutely no idea what their children and grandchildren are reading and hearing in school about history and geography . how many of them have read or looked at their textbooks , for example marshall said the teaching materials use as little , if any material on the violent history of islam . in one lesson plan on the spread of islam the teacher s notes indicate muslim conquerors acted decently to their subjects . when you hear so much caterwauling from the left about religion being mixed in the school , it s a little troubling when kids are being asked to go on an imaginary hajj , marshall said . saxton called it an example of a purposeful attempt to indoctrinate our impressionable high - schoolers with the virtues of islam at the expense of christianity , judaism and other religions .
but have you heard the equally horrific story about why a leftist dutch teacher , and many of her colleagues , think that learning how to submit to islam is a good educational experience for her 10 - 11 - year - old students
with africom and its " soldier - to - soldier " relationships having taken the place of us african diplomacy in the last decade the us is positioned to exercise hegemonic power over africans in their own
the case against a basic income if the payment isn t high enough to let people to refuse work , ubi might push wages down and create more bullshit jobs . in her campaign memoir what happened , hillary clinton wrote that the idea of a universal basic income ( ubi ) for all americans fascinated her . reflecting on her wholly uninspiring campaign , she explained that she wanted to include it in her platform but couldn t make the numbers work , so she dropped the idea . she had planned to call it alaska for america , referring to the alaska permanent fund . established in 1982 , that program gives each of the state s citizens an annual dividend from oil revenues . the idea gained popularity in the mid - sixties , and nixon almost implemented it nationwide . american researchers conducted large - scale experiments in new jersey , and a canadian study took place in winnipeg during the mid - seventies . at the time , the proposal produced heated debates in continental europe and north america , but the decades that followed led to a slow but steady decline in support . the conservative preference for the workfare and activation policies that characterized welfare reform in the nineties led by a different clinton turned basic income into a utopian fantasy . but as interest in ubi from one of the planet s most powerful political figures attests , the last ten years have given new life to the idea . indeed , it s now on the agenda of many movements and governments . for philippe van parijs and yannick vanderborght , two of ubi s leading proponents , the conjunction of growing inequality , a new wave of automation , and a more acute awareness of the ecological limits to growth has made it the object of unprecedented interest throughout the world . the right praises ubi for getting rid of outdated state bureaucracies ; the left for eradicating poverty . finland s right - wing government is testing the idea , replacing part of its unemployment benefits system with a basic income distributed to all finnish citizens . in canada , the government of ontario has been conducting a large - scale experiment since the summer of 2017 . the netherlands has the most developed ubi program experiment in europe . several municipalities are testing the program s effects on its beneficiaries . and in france , the unfortunate socialist candidate for president , beno t hamon , made basic income his key measure . political parties across the globe are now openly discussing the idea of distributing an unconditional income to every citizen . each side of the political spectrum points to different supposed benefits : the right praises ubi for getting rid of outdated state bureaucracies ; the left for eradicating poverty . appearing at once liberal and social , basic income , according to a popular view , divides those who still think about class and the industrial revolution in old - fashioned terms from those who recognize that the knowledge economy has profoundly transformed our economy and society . for this latter group , full employment is utopian , stable work is an outdated demand , and the old institutions of wage labor social security , unions , and so on are obsolete , brakes on progress and individual freedom . for radical left accelerationist theorists nick srnicek and alex williams , basic income constitutes a post - capitalist exit path , while the self - described entrepreneur peter barnes , whose bestseller with liberty and dividends for all inspired hillary clinton , sees it as a way to create a better - balanced capitalism we would call it everyone - gets - a - share capitalism . the studies , experiments , and debates are multiplying , making ubi once again an idea whose time has come . paradoxically , then , ubi seems to be a crisis demand , brandished in moments of social retreat and austerity . as politics moves to the right and social movements go on the defensive , ubi gains ground . the more social gains seem unreachable , the more ubi makes sense . it s what botanists would call a bioindicator : it indexes neoliberalism s progress . support for basic incomes proliferates where neoliberal reforms have been the most devastating . in this sense , ubi isn t an alternative to neoliberalism , but an ideological capitulation to it . in fact , the most viable forms of basic income would universalize precarious labor and extend the sphere of the market just as the gurus of silicon valley hope . the impossibility of a left basic income the question of ubi s economic viability , though basically technical , is vital for determining its political character . that s because ubi s effects depend on the amount distributed and the conditions of its implementation . nick srnicek and alex williams , in their accelerationist manifesto , inventing the future , write that the real significance of ubi lies in the way it overturns the asymmetry of power that currently exists between labour and capital . its establishment would allow workers to have the option to choose whether to take a job or not . a ubi therefore unbinds the coercive aspects of wage labour , partially decommodifies labour , and thus transforms the political relationship between labour and capital . but to do this , the authors insist , it must provide a sufficient amount of income to live on . if the payment isn t high enough to let people to refuse work , ubi might push wages down and create more bullshit jobs . despite the key importance of size and implementation , the countless texts dedicated to establishing a ubi including srnicek and williams s work rarely discuss the policy s concrete details . many of basic income s benefits would only arrive if it provided a generous monthly amount , meaning that a moderate or low - amount version could have potentially negative effects . guy standing , a pioneer of basic income in the united kingdom , currently defends the low - amount version . to advance his proposal , he points to the think tank compass , which produced several micro - simulations to assess the effects and feasibility of the measure in the uk context . compass s study shows the risks of any basic income scheme that tries to replace existing means - tested benefits : such a full scheme would , in its simplest version , give every adult 392 ( 292 ) each month while existing means - tested programs would be abolished . the results would be catastrophic : child poverty would increase by 10 percent , poverty among pensioners by 4 percent , and poverty among the working population by 3 percent . a moderate or low - amount version could have potentially negative effects . compass also analyzed a modified scheme , with a monthly basic income of 284 ( 380 ) for working - age adults ( and smaller payments for others ) that would stand alongside , rather than replace , most existing social programs . but it would also count as income when calculating recipients eligibility for those programs , as well as for tax purposes ; this add - on structure makes the measure less expensive than it would otherwise be , since a large part of the cost is included in existing social spending . but that also dampens the total boost to the net income of the poor . nevertheless , the total cost of this version the amount of new taxes that would be needed is 170 billion or 6 . 5 percent of the uk s gdp . this is the version now promoted by standing . despite the fiscal effort that would go into implementing the new system 6 . 5 percent of gdp , or nearly twice the share of gdp that the us currently spends on its military the results are rather disappointing . child poverty shrinks from 16 to 9 percent , but for working - age people it decreases less than 2 points ( 13 . 9 to 12 percent ) , and among pensioners it declines only 1 point ( 14 . 9 to 14 . 1 percent ) . the considerable sum of money mobilized has only a modest effect on poverty and doesn t specifically benefit those who need it most . as economist ian gough writes , the idea looks like a powerful new tax engine that pull [ s ] along a tiny cart . this fact is even more striking when we consider that the cost of eradicating poverty in any developed country is around 1 percent of gdp . an individual unemployment benefit set at the poverty line ( around 1 , 200 a month ) and granted to all jobless individuals regardless of their place in the family structure would not only pull everyone out of poverty but also end workfare , challenge the normative dimensions of family structures , and fundamentally alter the labor market . all this , for somewhere between six to thirty - five times less money than a universal basic income . the finnish trial s goal is to promote employment by incentivizing people to accept low - paying and low - productivity jobs . the same criticism applies to the moderate version from philippe van parijs , one of the founders of the basic income earth network ( bien ) , which has promoted ubi since the mid - 1980 s . van parijs calls for a base income of 600 ( 710 ) , which , like standing s version , is not fully added to existing social benefits . this program would cost a bit over 6 percent of gdp in a country like belgium , with an already high level of social spending and benefits for a system that fails to increase the meager incomes of the vast majority of people dependent on social services . this is a remarkable fact about a measure so often described as revolutionary a fact made explicit in the finnish trial : it cites its primary goal as being to promote employment by incentivizing people to accept low - paying and low - productivity jobs . of course , we could plead for a more generous version , closer to anticapitalist or accelerationist proposals , like that of french economist yann moulier - boutang . his ubi proposal amounts to 1 , 100 ( 1 , 302 ) a month for each citizen and would be added to existing benefits . in france , it would cost 871 billion , or 35 percent of gdp . when the french socialist party s think tank , fondation jean jaur s , studied the budget impact of a 1000 monthly ubi , it estimated that it would cost as much as all current social spending pensions , unemployment , social assistance , and so on plus the budgets for either national education or health care . suffice it to say , this version is unlikely to see the light of day . moulier - boutang himself acknowledged this , writing that although a detailed balance sheet must still be drawn up , one thing is certain : the current income tax system can only fund a small partial application of this measure . to solve this problem , moulier - boutang suggests replacing the current taxation system ( including progressive income tax ) with a 5 percent tax on financial transactions a fiscal revolution that would reduce the budget deficit while keeping the current level of social spending and adding a ubi of 871 billion euros . the author s rather fantastic calculations sound tempting , but a financial transaction tax could never collect such a large sum . the volume of financial transactions is vast currently ten times gdp but that s precisely because they re not taxed at 5 percent . since financial transactions are typically carried out to achieve profit arbitrages as small as a few tenths of a percent , they would simply cease if we set up moulier - boutang s proposed tax . by way of comparison , the tobin tax , the only financial transaction tax being seriously considered today , is generally envisioned at between 0 . 05 percent and 0 . 2 percent at most one hundred times smaller than moulier - boutang s proposal yet it s specifically designed to reduce speculation ( and thus transactions ) . we would either have to settle for the minimalist version whose effects would be highly suspect or we d have to eliminate all other social expenditures , no existing economy can pay for a generous basic income without defunding everything else . we would either have to settle for the minimalist version whose effects would be highly suspect or we d have to eliminate all other social expenditures , in effect creating milton friedman s paradise . faced with these facts , we should question ubi s rationality ; as luke martinelli put it : an affordable ubi is inadequate , and an adequate ubi is unaffordable . until we profoundly transform our economies , we can t implement a measure that would cost more than 35 percent of gdp in economies where the state already spends around 50 percent of gdp . the power relations needed to establish this level of ubi would constitute an exit from capitalism , pure and simple , rendering depictions of ubi as a means of social transformation nonsense . indeed , many defenses of basic income can be classified as what raymond geuss called nonrealist political philosophy : ideas formulated in complete abstraction from the existing world and real people , completely disjoined from real politics like to the rawlsian model of justice that serves as an important inspiration to figures like philippe van parijs . if ubi does take shape , current power relations will favor those who have economic power and want to profit by weakening the existing system of social protection and labor market regulations . who will decide the monthly amount and who will dictate its terms and condition who do today s power relations favor certainly not the worker . the crisis of work when asked about work , philippe van parijs likes to quote the physician jan pieter kuiper , who launched the debate on basic income in the netherlands in the 1970 s : among my patients there are guys who are sick because they work too much , and guys who are sick because they are unable to find work . this contradiction runs through the history of capitalism , and it motivates van parijs and many of his followers . ubi would create a society in which those who work too much work less , in order to avoid burnout , breathe a little , retrain for new work , or care for their loved ones , and the jobs thus freed up could then be taken by others . that is , it doesn t aim at working less , so all can work , as the workers movement traditionally did , but letting everyone choose how much to work at any given moment . proponents present it as a way to achieve a more harmonious distribution of work . that objective may seem sensible , but it raises several questions . most important , it risks amplifying employers current race to the bottom . today s labor market is highly stratified : some people enjoy access to good jobs while others , subject to harsh competition , can only find precarious and unstable work . a low or moderate ubi too low to let people refuse job offers could relegate the least qualified people to more intensely precarious situations . as luke martinelli puts it : the lack of an exit option for such workers , and their weak bargaining position with respect to employers , means that basic income could end up exacerbating poor pay and conditions if other workers were willing to reduce their wage demands as a result of the unconditional payment . martinelli highlights the danger that basic income would aggravate the problem of low pay and subsidize inefficient employers , leading to a proliferation of lousy jobs . in this scenario , those with good jobs will continue to lead fulfilling lives , now supplemented by universal income , while others will have to combine their ubi with one or more lousy jobs , with little gain in income . the proposal makes no attempt to help those without a job today get one tomorrow or improve the job they have . indeed , everything suggests that the opposite will happen : the ubi will function like a war machine for lowering wages and spreading precarious work . a low or moderate ubi too low to let people refuse job offers could relegate the least qualified people to more intensely precarious situations . this aspect of basic income isn t new : it explains why the neoliberal economist george stigler originally proposed a ubi , in the form of a negative income tax . in contrast to keynes , who downplayed the role of wage levels in his explanation of unemployment , stigler s famous 1946 paper the economics of minimum wage legislation argued that the minimum wage reduced employment . he called on the government to abolish such regulations so that workers could accept wages that don t exceed the market price . stigler s negative income tax , which would supplement incomes up to a certain point , would allow workers to accept low - wage jobs while still living above the poverty line . in effect , the system guarantees a minimum income without affecting the wage price . as friedman wrote in 1956 , the program , while operating through the market , [ does ] not distort the market or impede its functioning , as keynesian programs do . today , one still commonly sees ubi advocates resort to neoclassical platitudes about employment . we can only be astonished , for example , at the dubious claims made by van parijs and vanderborgh in their recent book basic income : a radical proposal for a free society and a sane economy , such as : where the level of remuneration is and remains firmly protected by minimum wage legislation , collective bargaining , and generous employment insurance , the result tends to be massive losses of jobs . we shouldn t be starting from the premise that too - high wages generate unemployment by disrupting the economy s optimal equilibrium : that s precisely the idea we should fiercely challenge . indeed , recent studies seriously undermine these claims . contrary to neoclassical predictions , countries that tax work the most have the highest employment rates because income taxes fund social services , which promote labor market participation , especially for women . who works still , imagine that it was mathematically possible to establish a ubi high enough that none of us would have to work . suppose we could have this generous basic income and still have a strong welfare state . certainly it would be a game changer . yet even this utopia rests on two problematic assumptions work . first , it assumes that unemployed people don t want to work or would be just as happy to receive a generous monthly check . but what if that s wrong the notion that we should reduce the demand for jobs rather than fight for full employment fails to consider that many people do want to work . as seth ackerman has argued , it assumes that the despair expressed by unemployed people amounts to false consciousness , a problem that can be mitigated by propaganda campaigns promoting non - work . this is a faulty explanation of what s at stake with the question of work . there s something deeper at play : work is more than a means for earning money . that s not just due to pro - work ideology , but also to the objective conditions of a society based on a large - scale division of labor in which everyone contributes individually to collective production . this system generates a certain income distribution as well as a certain distribution of work . people are obviously worried about income inequality , but aren t they also worried about job inequality as ackerman writes , so long as social reproduction requires alienated work , there will always be this social demand for the equal liability of all to work , and an uneasy consciousness of it among those who could work but who , for whatever reason , don t . that s why a universal job guarantee and a reduction in work hours still represent the most important objectives for any left politics . collectively reducing work time is politically and socially preferable to creating a socially segmented pool of unemployed workers , a situation that would have serious consequences for the employed . it s not hard to imagine how this situation could foster divisions within the working class as it already has over the last several decades . a universal job guarantee and a reduction in work hours still represent the most important objectives for any left politics . second , such a utopian ubi raises questions about how the distribution of work that is , the division of labor would be determined in a society where we could choose not to work . under capitalism , the division of labor is set in a brutal fashion , relegating large sectors of the population to jobs that are difficult and badly paid , but often of great value to society . a utopian ubi , by contrast , simply assumes that in a society liberated from the work imperative , the spontaneous aggregation of individual desires would yield a division of labor conducive to a properly functioning society ; that the desires of individuals newly freed to choose what they wish to do would spontaneously yield a perfectly functional division of labor . but this expectation is assumed rather than demonstrated . if we want to envision a society where the division of labor is no longer determined through compulsion , then we will have to rethink work itself . and a rethinking of work will only point in an emancipatory direction if work is made more meaningful and attractive . in a society where the nature of work is profoundly unequal not only in its distribution but also in its content transforming it becomes fundamental . cash or decommodification beyond arguments of feasibility or the effects on the labor market , we need to ask a more fundamental question : is distributing 1 , 100 to the whole population the best use of 35 percent of gdp isn t the best way to fight against capitalism to limit the sphere in which it operates establishing a base income , by contrast , merely allows everyone to participate in the market . our current economic crisis goes beyond the problem of income inequality . while inequality garners the most attention , it s a secondary feature of capitalism . one of capitalism s most remarkable achievements ( but also one of its most violent ) is that it made market exchange the nearly exclusive means to acquire the goods necessary for our own reproduction . in doing so , it turned money into almost the only valid medium of exchange and it made the majority of the population dependent on capital , enforcing a fundamentally asymmetric power relation between the boss and the worker . this profoundly unequal relationship not only subordinates people within the sphere of labor , but outside it as well , through the powerful influence economic power exerts on politics , ideology , and culture . equality isn t possible without restricting the freedom of competitive markets , without opening socialized spaces free from market imperatives . by the end of the nineteenth century , leftists understood this problem perfectly well . the welfare state tried to limit the areas in which the market and economic power could operate . if industrialization had made only owners full citizens with real rights , then social security and unemployment insurance established what robert castel called social property , marking the emergence of a new function of the state , of a new form of rights , and a new conception of property . as the british sociologist t . h . marshall explained , equality isn t possible without restricting the freedom of competitive markets , without opening socialized spaces free from market imperatives . in other words , for the left , the economic effects of extending the market ( as well as the political and cultural effects ) were never divorced from a questioning of the logic of the market itself . though this perspective has suffered enormous setbacks since the early 1970 s , it still offers a vision radically different from our current neoliberal consensus . the ultimate aim is not to make competition more fair , less discriminatory , or less normative . instead , it seeks to curtail the space in which competition exists . in this sense , freedom doesn t signify the ability to access the market , but rather the ability to reduce the space in which it operates . hillary clinton was right to say that she underestimated the power of big ideas . but that doesn t mean ubi is the big idea we need . we should reconnect with the postwar period s emancipatory heritage . the institutions workers established after world war ii did more than stabilize or buffer capitalism . they constituted , in embryonic form , the elements of a truly democratic and egalitarian society , where the market would not have the central place it now occupies . and if the recent successes of bernie sanders and jeremy corbyn are anything to go by , the door may now be open to a rebirth of socialist politics . utopia is not beyond our reach it s closer than we think . daniel zamora is a postdoctoral sociologist at the universit libre de bruxelles and cambridge university . translation by jeff bate boerop . this article previously appeared in jacobin and portside
view gallery if you re like me , you clicked on this just to figure out what the heck i mean by jersey insurance . for clarification purposes , i am not talking about new jersey but sports jerseys . fanatics which is the 1 selling sports jersey company in the u . s . has offered a new deal to its customers . the deal is if you get a jersey and that player changes teams within three months of you getting the jersey you can swap it with their new jersey or for another players jersey on the original team for free you have two weeks from the time the player is moved to do this , but holy crap is this a great idea we found out that 25 percent of fans were worried that the jerseys they purchase would become obsolete , said co - president of fanatics direct - to - consumer business . so by doing this , this is a major paint point we are solving . this philosophy soft opened earlier in the nfl season when saints fans returned their adrian peterson jerseys after he was traded to the cardinals after just a handful of weeks . 90 of the fans returned their jerseys for another saints player , but this new philosophy made them more likely to continue purchasing jerseys . i have personally stopped buying jerseys of current players because i have what i call a jersey curse and it doesn t matter which sport either . here s an example of my jersey curse over the years : tiki barber , retired two month after i got it . brandon jacobs , released a month later . kevin boss , released three weeks later . ray rice , abused his wife adrian peterson , abused his son . antonio pierce , retired at the end of the year . calvin johnson , added the jr . at the end a few months after i bought his jersey ryan callahan , traded a week after i got his jersey . so because of all of that i now have two things , i have a closet full of jerseys i never wear and a fear of buying a jersey of my favorite player because they all either get traded , released , retire or do something awful that i can no longer wear their jersey . i have always wanted a landon collins jersey from the second they drafted him , but i can t get it because i feel like if i get his jersey , he ll leave . this new deal is awesome , and jersey lovers around the country should be ecstatic that they can now purchase jerseys without fear jersey fanatics stand up and check out this sweet deal that fanatics is offering and don t be afraid to buy that jersey now that you re insured
megyn kelly and actor jane fonda started a feud in september when the actor appeared on the new nbc morning show . fonda was promoting her movie our souls at night , co - starring robert redford . now , kelly has gone hard after the older woman carried on with a poor me routine . at the time , nbc s host of megyn kelly toDay asked fonda about her own plastic surgery : i read that you said that you felt you re not proud to admit you ve had work done . why not clearly , kelly hit a nerve with fonda who replied : we really wanna talk about that now since then , fonda has taken shots at kelly . she recently told variety she would only appear on megyn kelly today again if she learns her stuff . kelly had enough of fonda , and she hit back hard with a full segment and a large audience . the morning show host did not pull punches in her response , explaining that she previously wanted to ignore fonda s criticisms . yet , now she was ready to directly confront the issue . she said that the older woman appeared on her show to promote her film about aging : now , a word on jane fonda , who appears to be fixated on an exchange i had with her months ago on this show . it s time to address the poor me routine . for years she has spoke about the joy of giving a cultural face to older women . the truth is , most older women look nothing like fonda , who is now 80 . and if fonda really wants to have an honest discussion about older women s cultural face , then her plastic surgery is tough to ignore . the nbc host noted that fonda had often discussed her cosmetic surgery : pretty much everywhere . when she came here , however , again to promote her film about aging , i was supposed to discern that this subject was suddenly off limits . kelly had no regrets about her question and went on with a serious assault on fonda s past controversial statements : i have no regrets about that question , nor am i in the market for a lesson from jane fonda on what is and is not appropriate . this is a woman whose name is synonymous with outrage . look at her treatment of military during the vietnam war . many of our veterans still call her hanoi jane , thanks to her radio broadcast which attempted to shame american troops . kelly continued her response : she posed on an anti - aircraft gun used to shoot down our american pilots . she called our p . o . w . s hypocrites and liars and referred to their torture as understandable . even she had to apologize years later for that gun picture . but not for the rest of it . by the way she says she is not proud of america . so , the moral indignation is a little much . she put her plastic surgery out there . fonda appeared at the sundance film festival , where reporters asked if she would go back on kelly s show . fonda went back to her buzz phrase , variety reported : sure . it wasn t like i was upset . i was stunned . it was so inappropriate . it showed that she s not that good an interviewer . but if she comes around and learns her stuff , sure . featured image via getty images / monica schipper .
an h m monkey sweatshirt s messaging recently came under fire , receiving so much backlash , the company removed the item completely from their inventory and singer the weeknd ended his partnership with the brand . the mother of the black child who modeled the shirt for the company s ad , reading coolest monkey in the jungle , however , doesn t believe it s racially insensitive and believes that people should get over it . the child s mother , terry mango , from stockholm , sweden , took to facebook to express her opinion about the outcry over the ad , writing : am the mum and this is one of hundreds of outfits my son has modeled . she added : stop crying wolf all the time , unnecessary issue here get over it . if i bought that jumper and put it on him and posted it on my pages , would that make me racist i get people s opinion , but they are not mine . mango also explained that she has been to her son s photo shoots and was there when he wore this hoodie . she noted : everyone is entitled to their opinion about this i really don t understand but not because i am choosing not to but because it s not my way of thinking , sorry . h m has apologized for the hoodie and photo , saying in a statement : we re deeply sorry that the picture was taken , and we also regret the actual print . therefore , we ve not only removed the image from our channels , but also the garment from our product offering . it s obvious that our routines haven t been followed properly . this is without any doubt . we ll thoroughly investigate why this happened to prevent this type of mistake from happening again . basketball star lebron james was among many who voiced their dismay over the shirt , writing in a post : we as african americans will always have to break barriers , prove people wrong and work even harder to prove we belong but guess what , that s what we love because the benefits at the end of the road are so beautiful many people weighed in with comments on the b . scott facebook post about the controversy , with one person explaining : it s not our job to protect this child s image . that s what his parents are for . if people took more time to cultivate their OwN gardens , meaning the world directly in your path , then we wouldn t be so inclined to try and save and protect a stranger because we re too busy tending to our own . color and sharing a race doesn t qualify us to protect one another . another commenter pointed out that perhaps this isn t as much of an issue for the mother , as she s not american . this is just a little something to think about : well she did say everyone is entitled to their opinion . as in the article , she may not be in a country where the racial climate is as serious as it is in america , so i can see how she really isn t seeing the issue , money or not . but hey the conversation it has created has been good .
we ve heard of women who try their darndest to look like barbie dolls . some have been known to go to the extent of having major surgeries to alter their bodies in a way that will get them closer to the physical features of the tall , blonde doll with a tiny waist and curvy bust and hips . but there is another woman who is just as dedicated to her look just as much as all the barbie doll lovers out there . her name is jade smith and she is on a mission to look exactly like a porcelain doll . proving that she will spare no expense , jade has already spent 18 , 000 to get her on the way to looking like the real life lolita . her doll - like outfits alone have cost her 10 , 000 and they consist of items such as a frilly pink dress with knee - high socks and a furry pink headband that wraps around her hair . lolita s hair is platinum blonde and she has a set of full eyelashes which are another costly thing that needs to be maintained in order to keep up with the appearance . jade has set certain budgets aside for monthly spending to stay on track with her appearance . for example , she has a 20 glitter budget . evidently , lolita has some sparkly attire . she has gone so far as to wear contact lenses that aren t needed . she wears them so that they expand the shape of her eyes , making her look even more like lolita . at times , she gets up at 4 am to get ready and make sure she has her look perfected . seems like a lot of work and money to keep up with trying to look like someone else , but jade is truly obsessed . i ve spent around 10 , 000 just on my clothes , said jade . i normally get my clothing shipped in from japan and korea . the clothes and makeup aren t the only things that jade needs to look like lolita , though . she has loads of accessories that go along with the character . i have roughly around 40 pairs of shoes and i have around 40 key chains . the money has also gone into my toy collection . you would never guess that jade is an adult if you walked into her room . she has a care - bear lined bed and shelves that house dolls , disney characters , hello kitty and my little pony figurines . the room is covered in pink , looking much more like a little girl s than a grown adults . jade , who lives in her parent s home in a loft , gets a grief from her family occasionally . my family calls me a hoarder and they really wish i would downsize and become more minimalistic , said jade . they wish i would wear something a bit normal but they just accept me for who i am now . jade admits that she would wear head to toe pink every day but her retail assistant job keeps her from doing so . instead , she has to accessorize with pink and wear mostly black when she is on the job . i got in trouble once at work for dressing differently . i have over 20 keychains on my phone and my phone fell out of my pocket during a shift . the only casual clothing i own is jeggings , which i wear for work , she said . in the future , jade plans on taking it up a notch and going for surgery to get her even closer to the lolita look .
oops . a hamas leader , co - founder and senior official imad al - alami , made a critical error while inspecting his weapon : he shot himself in the head . this is the same man who the bbc notes is a specially designated global terrorist . al - alami is in critical condition after the accidental shooting , as a report from the times of israel explains : senior hamas official imad al - alami , who is a key link between gaza and tehran , was shot in the head tuesday morning , with the terror group s spokesperson fawzi barhoum saying he accidentally discharged his own weapon while inspecting it . hamas - run gaza health ministry spokesperson dr . ashraf al - qidre said al - alami is being treated at the intensive care unit in gaza city s shifa hospital and that his condition is critical . al - alami , also known as abu hamam , was born in gaza in 1956 . he was one of the founders of hamas , which controls the gaza strip , and served as the terror group s main representative in tehran for many years before moving to damascus in 2008 . according to another report , from haaretz , however , al - alami was hospitalized after an assassination attempt . those commenting on the story on ilJ . com noted : should happen more often , lead by example . plEasE , and it truly is a shame he is still breathing . another person noted : i think i d rather it be known as an assassination attempt than that i shot myself in the head with my own gun one commenter tried to explain this possibility : presumably , it was an aK - 47 . the full auto versions have a design flaw that can cause an accidental discharge when dissembling it if there is still a round in the chamber . on various facebook posts about the accidental shooting story , people weighed in with comments such as : this is reminding me of the old story of the terrorist who blew himself up because he forgot to set the timer on his bomb to reflect a change in time zones . another person added : it couldn t have happened to a better person i encourage more terrorists to do the same . some commenters weren t buying the accidental shooting story , however , with commenter presenting this idea , and citing fake news : when cleaning a gun you have to take out the clip , and pull back the slide to remove the built in the chamber . you then pull down on release clip to disconnect the chamber from the gun body . these are standard pre - cleaning moves on an automatic handgun . this guy was shot by somebody else . this is a fake news story another added this reasoning of an assassination attempt : he came from syria to gaza to organize the local hamas . he was probably interfering too much in the local corrupted business of the leaders of this terrorist organization . he is not the first that has received local assistance to take an early journey to the moslem paradise . one commenter noted : who inspects his personal weapon oUtsidE his residence maybe that ll be one more to scratch off the hit list . i sure hope so . another commenter offered this helpful gun safety tip : rule 1 when cleaning your gun : make sure it s not loaded .
when paul servat learned that his girlfriend was pregnant , he committed to changing his life for the better . he wanted to be prepared to be a fantastic father , so he put all his energy into making that come true . he was by his girlfriend barbara bienvenue s side as soon as she told him the good news . servat was exuberant . he had always wanted to bring a life into the world and prove himself as a dad . during the summer , the pair had met online like many couples do these days . and just two months into their infatuated relationship , bienvenue told servat that he had gotten her pregnant . that was in september . and he took the news like a champ . after she went to an appointment with her doctor a few weeks later , she told him they were having twins only to revise her position and tell him they were having triplets . then they were expecting quadruplets . and finally , they settled on having quintuplets . through it all , servat did not question bienvenue . often doctors struggle to identify how many babies are gestating when there is a multiple births . while the idea of raising five babies terrified servat , he remained optimistic and forward focuses . he was proving to the world that he had what it took to be a wonderful dad . he did the right thing . servat helped pick out the babies names . and he even told his parents and encouraged them to get excited about meeting their grandchildren . because raising five babies is intimidating , the local community started to help . they began donating items and money to help servat and bienvenue raise five children . servat purchased five cribs and waited for the little ones to come into the world so he could prove how much he loved them . eventually , the day came when bienvenue was ready to deliver the babies . then a nurse pulled servat aside and whispered a horrible secret to the expectant father . there were no babies . bienvenue was not even pregnant . that s when the hospital made a strong decision . bienvenue did not need to be in the maternity ward . she needed to be in the psychiatric ward . servat was utterly confused and hurt . her lies broke his spirit and made him feel so low . i lost everything , it was my whole life , servat told the toronto sun . his dreams of becoming a father were quashed from the beginning . his girlfriend had not truly been pregnant . as for the items that were received from members of the community , bienvenue said they would return or donate them . i ll return all these things to people who sent them or give them ( away ) . i m a good person , and i have nothing to do with these lies , she stated . bienvenue suffered from a condition known as pseudocyesis . she truly believes that she was pregnant . she even suffered from lactation , morning sickness , and abdominal swelling . the mind is truly a powerful thing . we hope servat one day experiences the joy of fatherhood . based on how he responded to this situation , we suspect he ll make a wonderful dad .
ruth bader ginsburg ( rbg ) is something of a hero to women across the country . the supreme court justice is one of the pioneers of the court and continues to be one of the most relevant people in the legal system . ginsburg , 84 , has a rigorous workout and maintains her schedule . recently , saturday night live actor , kate mckinnon , portrayed her , and the justice enjoyed it . during a sundance cinema talks conversation , people wondered how much longer she could carry on with her vital job as a liberal justice . she said thanks for asking , according to the los angeles times : as long as i can do the job full steam , i will be here . she joined the supreme court in 1993 . democrats are concerned that should she leave the court , donald trump would fill the seat with a more conservative man and make the court right - leaning heavy . the earliest she could leave the supreme court would be 2021 , at age 88 , but she does not plan to step down even then . rbg has law clerks staffed through the court s 2020 term . when justice ruth bader ginsburg started her legal career , it was a different world . at the sundance film festival , she spoke about the metoo movement , npr reported : it s about time . for so long women were silent , thinking there was nothing you could do about it , but now the law is on the side of women , or men , who encounter harassment and that s a good thing . so far it s been great . when i see women appearing every place in numbers , i m less worried about a backlash than i might have been 20 years ago . ginsburg recalled times she experienced sexism as a student and a teacher : every woman of my vintage knows what sexual harassment is , although we didn t have a name for it . she asked a cornell chemistry instructor for a practice exam , but he gave her a copy of the real one : i knew exactly what he wanted in return . ( i ) went to his office and said , how dare you how dare you do this and that was the end of that . when ginsburg was at columbia law school , the school laid off 25 women in the maintenance department , but not one man . rbg headed to the university s vice president for business to tell him that the school was violating title Vii . he told her : professor ginsburg , columbia has excellent wall street lawyers representing them and would you like a cup of tea ginsburg had two children at the same time she was founding the aclU women s right s project and working as a columbia professor . in addition , she litigated cases across the country and before the supreme court . one day she got a call from her son james school : . the child was what his teachers called hyperactive and i called lively . ( after a call from the school , she said ) this child has two parents . please alternate calls . it s his father s turn . the justice said : the calls came barely once a semester and the reason was they had to think long and hard before asking a man to take time out of his work day to come to the school . the remarkable thing about marty ( her husband professor ginsburg ) is that he cared that i had a brain . no guy up until then was the least interested in how i thought . featured image via getty images / robin marchant .
special counsel robert mueller has begun talking to senior people in the donald trump administration . now , attorney general jeff sessions is in the special counsel s sights . the ag recused himself from the russia investigation last march , because he was involved in the trump campaign . what did sessions tell mueller the special counsel questioned him for several hour trump expected sessions to have his back , apparently not understanding that the justice department operates independently . during sessions confirmation hearings with congress , he did not disclose that he met two times with the russian ambassador to the u . s . , sergey kislyah , during the campaign . the ag was one of the first trump campaign supporters . mueller would be interested in a potential obstruction of justice . trump fired former fbi director , james comey , after he refused to drop the investigation into then national security adviser , michael flynn . since then , flynn has turned state s evidence against the trump administration . sessions was involved with the letter trump wanted about comey , which was part of the former fbi director s firing . normally , the special counsel saves the top - level interviews for the end of an investigation , but this has been anything but normal . a justice department spokesperson , sarah isgur flores , confirmed that sessions had been interviewed , according to the new york times . this was the first time that mueller s team interviewed a member of the trump cabinet . featured image via getty images / chip somodevilla .
it ' s a surprising moment of legitimate journalism . on june 8 th , 1965 , during the six - day war , israel attacked and nearly sank the Uss liberty belonging to its closest ally , the Usa . thirty - four american servicemen were killed and over 170 wounded in the two - hour assault by israeli warplanes and torpedo boats . israel claimed that the whole affair had been a tragic accident based on mistaken identification of the ship . the american government accepted the explanation . for more than 30 years many people have disbelieved the official explanation but have been unable to rebut it convincingly . now , " dead in the water " uses startling new evidence to reveal the truth behind the seemingly inexplicable attack . the film combines dramatic reconstruction of the events , with new access to former officers in the Us and israeli armed forces and intelligence services who have decided to give their own version of events . interviews include president lyndon johnson ' s secretary of defense , robert mcnamara , former head of the israeli navy , admiral shlomo errell , and members of the Uss liberty crew . more on this story at : < URL >
a danish school has drawn nationwide outage after it moved to cancel its traditional christmas service out of respect for children of other faiths ( aka muslims ) . students at gribskolen in graested traditionally gather for a service at the local church before christmas . the school board has informed parents that the tradition will be scrapped since not all students are christians . ( never was a problem before there were muslims in the school ) sputniknews danish radio this decision came under a storm of criticism from danish netizens and politicians alike , reported . the two main points of criticism are that canceling christmas service undermines a long - standing danish tradition and constitutes taking a knee to islam , as the very same school last year held a syrian week ( below ) during which pupils learned about the muslim faith and the holy month of ramadan , tried syrian food and danced syrian dances , the den korte avis outlet reported . the decision to cancel christmas service was taken in the spring , yet only reached the public now when the parents were first informed about the decision . this is completely askew . you must not cancel your traditions as misunderstood attention to some students , education minister merete riisager said . wrote . prime minister lars l kke rasmussen , who comes from gr sted , put forth his views regarding the issue on facebook . this needs a do - over , l kke rasmussen gribskolen board leader charlotte orland pedersen , however , was disappointed by the public s reaction . she pointed out that at least eight different faiths are represented among the pupils , stressing that the christmas service was not dropped specifically for the sake of muslim students . ( yes , it was ) by her own admission , she has not heard of any parents who complained about the decision . school director association chairman claus hjortdal argued that there was nothing wrong with dropping the traditional service for the sake of muslim students . however , local parish priest ole backer mogensen called it overdramatizing to use the word preaching in connection with the christmas service . ( in islam , that means only between muslims ) , finding a homes in the midst of rootlessness and so forth , ole backer mogensen wrote in an opinion piece in the local if christmas is reduced to s ren the banjo mouse [ a popular danish christmas song for kids ] , there won t be any room left toaddress some of the deeper themes around christmas , such as promoting peace and goodness between people , finding a homes in the midst of rootlessness and so forth , ole backer mogensen wrote in an opinion piece in the local netavisen newspaper .
former fBi director james comey s original memo regarding former secretary of state hillary clinton s private email server was edited by fBi staffers to remove five references suggesting clinton engaged in activities that would suggest felony and misdemeanor charges , according to obtained copies of the original memo . the original comey memo concluded that it was reasonably likely that clinton s private server was accessed or hacked by hostile entities , adding that there was no evidence to prove that assertion . fBi subordinates changed that characterization to the weaker it was possible . the document also details that on five separate occasions the memo was altered from terms such as grossly negligent , which would imply evidence supporting felony and misdemeanor crimes , to the more innocuous extremely careless . the department of justice ( dOj ) has launched a new investigation into the clinton foundation , as reported by the hill on thursday night . the full draft and edits of the documents was released on the senate homeland and government affairs committee by chairman ron johnson ( r - wi ) , and reveals the most detailed account of the former fBi director s original draft . the full draft of the comey memo suggests that comey originally wrote in may 2016 that there was evidence that former secretary of state clinton and her aides may have violated felony and misdemeanor statutes . hffowever , the memo also argues that he probably could not prove intent before a jury . comey wrote , although there is evidence of potential violations of the statute proscribing gross negligence in the handling of classified information and of the statute proscribing misdemeanor mishandling , my judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case . the fBi explained to congress that the edits were made by staffers to comey and then accepted by the former fBi director before he announced later in july 2016 that he would not pursue criminal charges against hillary clinton . chairman johnson sent a letter to fBi director christopher wray , asking why significant edits were made to comey s draft and if the edits were part of a scheme to protect clinton from the political ramifications of a more serious judgment from the fBi . johnson explained , the edits to director comey s public statement , made months prior to the conclusion of the fBi s investigation of secretary clinton s conduct , had a significant impact on the fBi s public evaluation of the implications of her actions . this effort , seen in light of the personal animus toward then - candidate trump by senior agents leading the clinton investigation and their apparent desire to create an insurance policy against mr . trump s election , raise profound questions about the fBi s role and possible interference in the 2016 presidential election , sen . johnson added . comey s original memo also suggested that he had worked with other intelligence agencies to ascertain whether clinton s private email server damaged matters of national security . comey wrote in the original memo , we have done extensive work with the assistance of our colleagues elsewhere in the intelligence community to understand what indications there might be of compromise by hostile actors in connection with the private email operation . comey s coordination with the intelligence community was deleted from the official comey memo . president donald trump tweeted on january 2 , crooked hillary clinton s top aide , huma abedin , has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols . she put classified passwords into the hands of foreign agents . remember sailors pictures on submarine jail deep state justice dept must finally act also on comey others .
despite the claim of iranian revolutionary guard officials that they have squashed the protests in iran , they are still massive . the regime is trying to stop the information about them from getting out by cutting off the social media in the country . but the protesters , who are very appreciative of the supportive words of president donald trump are in desperate need of communications to continue to get the word out . from fox news : here is real hell , a 31 - year - old protest leader in tehran , who fox news will identify only as azi , said in a telephone interview during the early hours of wednesday morning . this is a real revolution against the mullahs . iran is uprising . i thank mr . trump for his support , but we need more . president trump has taken to twitter several times to note the protests in iran , and on wednesday morning hinted the u . s . could become more involved in due time . such respect for the people of iran as they try to take back their corrupt government . you will see great support from the united states at the appropriate time the protests were precipitated by iran s bad economy , pervasive corruption and the escalating cost of fuel and goods . the people also were disturbed that they hadn t seen any of the promised benefits of the iran deal . the push is mainly coming from younger iranians who see no economic prospects and are not happy with the clerical rule of the mullahs . they organized through social media such as instagram and telegram . so the government tried to stop it by shutting them down . but it s not stopping . obama betrayed the iranian people . he gave the mullahs are ransom and cooperated with ( supreme leader ) khamenei , he betrayed the syrian people too . but trump did not . so we have real expectations , said azi . we want sanctions against the iranian regime . they plundered our money . the u . s should not pay the mullahs . azi said he doesn t know the fate of friends who have been arrested in the ongoing demonstrations . but he assured they are prepared to fight until the bitter end . this time , even if we die , we will not stop . this is the price of freedom . we are not afraid , he vowed . i am a freedom fighter . maybe tonight i will be killed . fox news noted that on a recent trip to iran there were people with multiple degrees forced to be cab drivers and waiters to survive . we had hope in rouhani , much more than ahmadinejad , one waiter whispered . but our lives are no better yet . they made it very clear that their purpose is not just economic , but it is political and they want to throw out the mullahs . the issue is not just economic , it is political . people will give many reasons for protesting , and all the reasons have led to us losing patience , said nik , a 27 - year - old engineering student in tehran . all the money given in the iran deal went to expand security forces in syria and lebanon , all the people know this . we will continue until we overthrow this regime . we thank mr . trump for support , but we need all the countries not to remain silent . others on the ground in iran told fox news most of the protest participants are young people many students of universities , along with a number of high schoolers and supporters of the mek opposition group . another protester , a 23 - year - old communications student named haroon , concurred the bulk of protesters were fellow students fed up with their dim prospects . students and ordinary people are being killed and wounded police , he insisted . because we tear down posters of the tyrannical leaders and we burn them . we only want happiness . we want help from the americans to end this regime . after hearing the supportive words from trump and such people as un ambassador nikki haley , it generated a lot of positive reaction in iran . suddenly the country famous for the government - dictated death to america chants were commenting viva iran , viva usa , viva trump and proud of you president trump that strongly support the people . but it s not going to come easily . at least 21 people have already been killed and hundreds arrested . haroon said that despite that the protests continue to grow . nik said that women had a special role in this because they were pushing for equal rights . there has been a debate about how involved the u . s . should be and in what way , some believing that u . s . involvement would be used against the protesters by the government against the protesters . some encouraged the u . s . to at least help with getting the word out with internet coverage . amir fakhravar , president of the iranian freedom institute , described the protesters . they love president trump . they will love him more if he can do something to make sure we will have internet coverage , satellite coverage all over iran [ to get the story out ] . he said it was huge , involving millions of people , but they need the coverage to be able to communicate . fakhravar said they could be the army of the world to free it from the small group of fanatic mullahs . if the protesters won and were able to throw out the mullahs [ clerical leadership ] , it would change the face of the middle east away from their extremism and export of terrorism . others also echoed that thought . president trump needs to get behind this situation , just as we did with various regime changes in the fall of the soviet union , contended james waurishuk , a retired u . s . air force colonel and former trump campaign advisor . the u . s . needs to bolster its strategic influence and public diplomacy efforts . according to farjam behnam , founder of the iranian affairs site iran almanaC , president trump s support is widely appreciated , but people need practical action . free high - speed internet would be a great first step , he said . former ambassador john bolton made a great point . if the people on the ground are calling for this help , they are the ones who know best what will help and what will harm their cause , not liberal media in the united states . in 2009 , barack obama was faced with the same choice . at least help with the social media . he refused and the revolution failed . he even refused to have the Cia involved in any way whatsoever . let s not make that same mistake again .
hillary clinton might still be wondering what happened as far as losing the election goes , and now , her and former president bill clinton s foundation is under investigation by the fbI . as clinton has been tweeting her concerns over families worrying about their children having health care , fbI agents in little rock , arkansas , have been delving into the clinton foundation . so what s going on the fbI is looking into whether the clintons did any favors for donors who contributed to their organization . on thursday , the hill reported : the justice department has launched a new inquiry into whether the clinton foundation engaged in any pay - to - play politics or other illegal activities while hillary clinton served as secretary of state , law enforcement officials and a witness tells the hill . fbI agents from little rock , ark . , where the foundation was started , have taken the lead in the investigation and have interviewed at least one witness in the last month , and law enforcement officials said additional activities are expected in the coming weeks . the officials , who spoke only on condition of anonymity , said the probe is examining whether the clintons promised or performed any policy favors in return for largesse to their charitable efforts or whether donors made commitments of donations in hopes of securing government outcomes . fox news confirmed the report from the hill on thursday evening , via the twitter account of special report : fox news can confirm the department of justice has launched a new investigation into hillary clinton . a source < URL > special report team ( specialreport ) january 5 , 2018 clinton s spokesperson , nick merrill , called the news a sham on friday , adding that republicans have tried to turn the foundation into a political football . clinton herself has yet to offer a comment about the investigation . however , this isn t the former presidential nominee s first time being investigated by the fbI .
president donald trump ignored a reporter s question friday on whether former adviser steve bannon should be fired from breitbart . bannon told author michael wolff that he believes donald trump jr . committed treason by arranging a meeting in trump tower with a russian lawyer . those comments and trump s responses have dominated the news cycle this week . leaving the white house for a weekend at camp david with republican leaders , trump stopped for a moment to give a brief statement to the press in a bitter 5 degree wind chill . i m going over with the senators , he said . we re going to camp david . we have a lot of things to work on , a lot of things to accomplish . the stock market is up very , very big today . we ve set new records , and i think they ll be continued to set . the tax cuts are really kicking in far beyond what anyone thought , he continued . numerous companies have today come out and announced they re going to make big payments to their employees , something that nobody really had in mind , so we are very honored by it . but the market is good . the jobs reports were very good , and we think they are going to get really good over the next couple of months . so again , we re going to camp david with a lot of the great republican senators , and we are making america great again . thank you , thank you very much . on his way to a waiting marine one helicopter , a reporter yelled loudly at trump : should steve bannon should be fired trump continued walking toward the aircraft , looking at the reporters with this expression on his face : then , he smirked just a bit . fox news host dana perino said on her show immediately after trump s departure that he usually is willing to take some questions from reporters but i have to tell you that the former communications person it was smart of him not to do such a thing .
clancy overell editor contact after the australian open round one qualifier upset that saw bernard tomic lose 6 - 1 , 6 - 7 ( 5 - 7 ) , 6 - 4 to italian lorenzo sonego in melbourne over the weekend , the gold coast bad boy of tennis has once again consoled himself with his exorbitant wealth . this is the first time tomic has failed to qualify since 2008 , after tennis australia chose not to offer the world number 142 a wildcard following his defeat . this prompted a snarky reply from the on - again - off - again not - as - bratty - as - kyrgios - can - be australian sports star . tomic told reporters he was heading home to count my millions i just count money , that s all i do you go do what i did . you go make 13 - 14 million . good luck guys . bye bye . but , as if that wasn t enough , tomic is now rubbing salt into the wounds of his competitors and patient australian tennis fans , by inviting journalists for a walk through of his vintage mazda collection in a leased coomera warehouse . you see that . 2005 mx - crossport . they don t even make them anymore i d like to see the haters faces when they see me getting around in this beast it is believed that tomic has been a large collector of vintage cars made by the japanese multinational automaker since he was a little kid , and had up to twelve 1980 s - 90 s models by the time he was 21 , telling journalists that most tennis players wouldn t be able to afford a hobby like his if they fucked around with the olympics with his collection nearing 40 + vehicles , it remains to be seen if tomic will be able to continue supporting his expensive lifestyle unless he can return to form and secure some form of endorsement outside of the goldie .
clancy overell editor contact after an unsuccessful 18 months spent campaigning against societal decay , a prominent betoota - based no voter is now finding ways to occupy herself , following the legalisation of gay marriage . after spending a good portion of december and january focusing on her new chilli garden , as well as his neighbour s inability to keep the branches of his poinciana to his side of the fence - line , semi - retired accountant toni davidson ( 59 ) is now channeling her energy towards australian tennis player nick kyrgios . that kid needs a real shake up she says , while watching the brash mannerisms displayed by the best australian tennis player since pat rafter . toni , like many other jaded christians has grave concerns for the future of this country , after the postal vote survey gave way to a true chink in the armour of australian conservatism and sensibilities . while the victorians are now focusing on gangs , the rest of the country s no voters are forced to turn their focus to the supposed attitude problem of australia s only hope for sporting success . he should feel honoured to be talented enough to represent this country at the highest level he should be thanking every australian , we afforded him that opportunity , as a nation he owes it to me as a late fifties suburban baby boomer
errol parker editor - at - large contact two largely incompetent grade - cricketers living under the illusion they know what they re talking about have once again argued over whether current australian test captain steve smith is the next bradman . lewis thompson and eddy george both enjoying playing the game and they often contribute to online cricketing forums , where they have knowledge imparted upon them as well as imparting theirs on others . in a word , they re both seasoned cricket followers . but with all that prestige , the pair cannot agree on whether the world is watching another don develop before their eyes or if steve smith is simply another run - of - the - mill tendulkar . granted nobody will ever retire with an average even close to bradman , said george . they play more games now and it s a different game altogether . therefore , it s impossible to compare the two . bradman might have well played french cricket the games are so different but lewis disagrees . he thinks steve smith , a man who was once selected as a leg - spin bowling all - rounder , will not only be the next bradman he thinks he ll better . don t get me wrong , bradman is the best ever . i don t take that away from him , but he wouldn t be able to compete in the modern game . imagine if he had dale steyn coming at him around the wicket with a bit of fire in his belly he d be like a little lamb at the abattoir , smith has proven himself to be the greatest batsman in the modern game , which is tougher and harder than the old one . one ill - informed opinion after another flowed until the change of innings concluded and they both went back to watching the game . more to come .
the video shows how crimes are related and how the mega rich overlook certain crimes as long as everyone gets their hands greased . . . . the video shows how crimes are related and how the mega rich overlook certain crimes as long as everyone gets their hands greased . the assassination of president john f kennedy should never be overlooked as a fluke in history and as a president who just happened to get killed for no reason from a very hard trajectory . his murder and the getting away with it , sparked off a roller coaster ride of super gangsters who are able to manipulate the public , governors , mayors , police departments - whoever , for the sole purpose of making money which of course gives people power to do what they wish the bad part is , smaller players may get a name , money and their egos stroked , but they too are expendable do you think that drugs on every corner , available to celebrities and others are imported by small groups or by those who control the land in the us they always say " follow the money " because that is where and how you can tell what is what . if there are hundreds of billions in tAX fREE money out there , do you think that anyone will ignore it when people do evil and you get a leader who wants to abide by the rules , the masters of evil feel the need to get rid of the man who follows the rules . with that you have an out of control society . some peoples love of money , material things , fame and their own narcissism , is something that allows for these atmospheres which is why countries always fall and new ones rise only to fall . it is a seemingly never - ending cycle of human history . wars never end because some groups do not want peace unless they are the supreme rulers and call the shots . that is peace for some . just remember this , you cannot just killed a president just because the idea comes into your head and not get caught oswald originally got away with it and when you get deep into it , there was no reason anyone should have looked in his direction right after the deed was done . no matter how long ago it was , it was a murder of a sitting president by people who do not mind seeing people dead as long as they get what they want .
never hike alone : a friday the 13 th fan film Usa 2017 54 min a fan tribute to friday the 13 th , never hike alone follows an adventure blogger , kyle mcleod ( andrew leighty ) , who uncovers the long lost remains of camp crystal lake while on a solo backpacking trip . ignoring the campfire tales from his childhood , kyle ' s search turns deadly when he makes the grave mistake of crossing the path of camp blood s legendary mass murderer , jason voorhees . stranded in the forest with jason on his hee by melissa menezes 1274 views
welcome to break point . since this is our first broadcast , i d like to begin by telling you what i hope . . read more
you are not alone if you re dealing with depression , you might as well know there are no quick fixes , but there is always god s . . read more
the teach the bible in schools campaign we told you about having your kids take their bibles to school . but what about teaching the bible there last . . read more
wake up , speak out , pray more christians are persecuted today than ever before . which is why we need to join in the international day of . . read more
sure hope or the political illusion from all of us at the colson center , i want to wish you a very healthy , happy new year . next . . read more
apologetics thru art messiah may be the greatest work in the canon of western music . you know the composer handel . but do you know . . read more
no ordinary worldview book a worldview book should be judged by how it helps us live out what we believe . let me tell you . . read more
20 . 00 drawing on his access as grand archivist of the knights templar of canada and his own role as a descendant of both sinclair and the anishinabe tribe , william mann examines new evidence of the knights templar in the new world long before columbus . he reveals the secret settlements they built as they moved westward across the vast wilderness of north america , evading the european church and royal houses . he explains how the templars found refuge in the sacred medicine lodges of the algonquins , whose ceremonies bear striking resemblance to initiations of freemasonry . explores how sinclair built sacred monuments , including the newport tower . the author also reveals the search for templar sanctuaries to be the chief motivation behind the lewis and clark expedition and the murder of lewis . softcover , 416 pages , 88 b w illustrations , 785 .
after mr . trump made the most vile racist comments during an oval office meeting on immigration thursday , many people are speaking out about his use of vulgar language and racist attitude , which is anything but fitting for the president of the united states . trump s reference to haiti , el salvador , and african nations as shithole countries has made quite a stir throughout the u . s . and the rest of the world . trump said : why are we having all these people from shithole countries come here trump went on to ask why we don t bring in more immigrants from countries like norway . trump tried to dispute the remarks but senators lindsey graham ( r - sc ) and dick durbin ( d - il ) were both present at the meeting and confirmed what was said . on saturday night , robin bell , founder of bell visuals , finally had enough and decided mr . trump s washington d . c . hotel is the real shithole . he projected the word shithole along with the poop emoji right on to the property for all to see . other phrases projected on to the building were pay trump bribes here emoluments welcome , and we are all responsible to stand up and end white supremacy . bell is becoming famous for already having done similar things . back in may , he projected messages onto the d . c . hotel , but this has to be his best work yet . this is what twitter had to say : featured image by mark wilson / getty images
mr . trump has plenty of critics these days , and rightfully so . however , there are still many republicans who are unwilling to break ranks and call him out for his horrible assault on the united states and the rest of the world . one senator is using some harsh words now to describe the man in the oval office . senator jeff flake ( r - az ) went on msnbc last night for an interview where he blasted trump , comparing him to the communist dictator , josef stalin of the soviet union . flake was present at the meeting where trump referred to haiti , el salvador , and african nations as shithole countries . according to the washington post , senator flake s office has released excerpts of a speech he plans to give on wednesday , where he is going to tell the american people that trump s assault on the constitutionally - protected free press is as unprecedented as it is unwarranted . according to the post : flake continues to be one of trump s most frequent critics , often speaking out to warn that the president s words and actions could be detrimental to the future of the republican party and the nation s standing worldwide . in his speech , flake plans to say : it is a testament to the condition of our democracy that our own president uses words infamously spoken by josef stalin to describe his enemies . it bears noting that so fraught with malice was the phrase enemy of the people , that even nikita khrushchev forbade its use , telling the soviet communist party that the phrase had been introduced by stalin for the purpose of annihilating such individuals who disagreed with the supreme leader . flake will also say that trump : has it precisely backward despotism is the enemy of the people . the free press is the despot s enemy , which makes the free press the guardian of democracy . when a figure in power reflexively calls any press that doesn t suit him fake news , it is that person who should be the figure of suspicion , not the press . flake had strong words on msnbc on sunday night , referring to not only stalin and mao zedong , but the media as the enemy of the people . flake said : i don t think that we should be using a phrase that s been rejected as too loaded by a soviet dictator . in 2012 , flake was elected to the senate and announced he will not seek a second term in november . the list of republicans running to succeed him are former maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio , representative martha mcsally , and former state senator kelli ward . whoever wins the primary will face democratic candidate representative kyrsten sinema ( az ) in the general election . another excerpt posted by flake s office reads : 2017 was a year which saw the truth objective , empirical , evidence - based truth more battered and abused than any other in the history of our country , at the hands of the most powerful figure in our government . it was a year which saw the white house enshrine alternative facts into the american lexicon , as justification for what used to be known simply as good old - fashioned falsehoods . it was the year in which an unrelenting daily assault on the constitutionally - protected free press was launched by that same white house , an assault that is as unprecedented as it is unwarranted . the enemy of the people , was what the president of the united states called the free press in 2017 . twitter also cheered on flake : featured image by richard baker via getty images
zebrato by arshad husain siddiqui headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next zebrato by arshad husain siddiqui i don t even know if i m black with white stripes or white with black stripes i had always been fascinated by the black and white stripes of zebra . when i was child and dad took me to zoo i had waited anxiously for the glimpse of zebra . i was quite thrilled when i saw a herd of zebras in woburn safari park easter , and to add to the excitement i was with my parents and daughter who enjoyed it as much arshad husain siddiqui : photos source : < URL >
obama s the greatest criminal in history say trump and joe arpaio because he forged his birth certificate ( video )
( photo : reuters / mary f . calvert ) u . s . vice president mike pence addresses chamber of commerce ' ' invest in america ' ' summit in washington u . s . , on may 18 , 2017 . u . s . vice president mike pence , who is on a four - day trip to the middle east , met with egyptian president abdel fattah al sisi in egypt and king abdullah ii in jordan , and saw anger in the region over president donald trump ' s decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel . pence assured allies of u . s . support for two - state solution if both sides agree . in his meeting with the egyptian president saturday , which lasted for about two and a half hours , pence was told trump ' s decision can potentially complicate negotiations over a peace deal between israel and the palestinians , according to the wall street journal . at a press conference later , pence called it " a disagreement between friends , " according to the los angeles times . he added that he assured sisi that the trump administration will back a two - state solution for israel and the palestinians if both parties agree . " my perception was that he was encouraged by that message , " he told reporters . the two leaders also discussed how to deal with americans imprisoned by egypt and also about terrorism and north korea ' s nuclear program . however , u . s . reporters and a pence aide were initially not allowed to leave their van at the presidential palace in cairo , according to the journal . with the help of colleagues outside , pence ' s aide was finally able to enter the palace . and only after pence raised the issue directly with sisi did the egyptians later allow the press to take pictures and listen to brief remarks . in jordan , pence and king abdullah " emphasized the strength of the strategic jordanian u . s . relationship as well the role the u . s . plays in ensuring regional stability , " according to the jordanian embassy in washington , d . c . " they also discussed efforts to end the syrian crisis as well as the importance of international cooperation in efforts to bring a political solution to this crisis . both sides also discussed efforts to revive the palestinian israeli peace process and means to bring both sides back to the negotiation table , " the embassy said in a statement . abdullah had warned against declaring jerusalem israel ' s capital . pence ' s middle east trip will end in israel , where he will meet with prime minister benjamin netanyahu and address the israeli legislature as well as visit the western wall . pence will not meet palestinian leaders . the office of palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas had also said he would not meet with pence during his visit to the west bank " because the u . s . has crossed red lines " on jerusalem . trump announced last month that the u . s . will be beginning a process to move its embassy in israel from tel aviv to jerusalem , and officially recognize the city as israel ' s capital . " while previous presidents have made this a major campaign promise , they failed to deliver . today , i am delivering , " he said at the time . the status of jerusalem has been up for dispute for centuries , with the romans , crusaders , ottomans and the british empire among the factions fighting historical battles for control over the city . jerusalem contains numerous sacred sites claimed by christians , jews , and muslims , and is where jesus christ preached , died , and was later resurrected . british rule over the area ended in 1948 , which led to jordan ' s invasion and occupation of the old city , before israel captured the land in the 1967 middle east war . in 1980 israel declared jerusalem to be a " complete and united " city and capital of its country , to the protest of arab countries in the region . palestinians , on the other hand , see east jerusalem as their capital . they live in the city as israeli residents , receive access to services and vote in municipal elections . some become israeli citizens and can vote in parliamentary elections , but most refuse to do so .
( photo : reuters / lucy nicholson ) tobymac holds the award for best contemporary christian music album for " this is not a test " during the 58 th grammy awards in los angeles , california february 15 , 2016 . tobymac is gearing up for a marathon that aims to help end racial division , class segregation and spiritual poverty . tobymac , the genre - blending christian contemporary music artist , is participating in the marathon called the st . jude rock ' n ' roll nashville marathon . the half marathon or 5 k taking place in nashville was created to raise money for various charities . the musician is partnering with a group called run for hope to raise money that can help transform the community of franklin , tennessee . " run for hope is a group of new hope academy supporters running in the st . jude rock ' n ' roll nashville marathon , half marathon or 5 k . we train , party and support each other as we raise funds to support the missional objectives of new hope academy in franklin , tennessee , " according to a description of the group on the run for hope website . " partnered with music superstar , tobymac , we run to help end racial division , class segregation , and spiritual poverty . together our efforts support a brighter future in which we can ignite our community with hope and lasting transformation . " the new hope academy says it is on a mission to set people free by helping people form relationships across race , culture and class . " black , white , rich , or poor , we are limited by our prejudices , our fears , and our lack of resources . and we all have them , " the website states . " new hope provides a radical opportunity for relationships to form across racial , economic , and cultural lines within the community thereby assisting the poor , bringing people together , and cultivating racial reconciliation . " aside from tobymac , worship musician ryan stevenson said he would participate in the event that takes place in april . " join me at run for hope with officialtobymac to support nhafranklin , " stevenson tweeted this week . " going down april 27 - 28 in nashville . " tobymac reposted the message on his own page and encouraged people to sign up for the marathon by adding , " c ' mon y ' all gonna be a blast "
( photo : tmz / screengrab ) kevin sorbo speaks with tmz at lax airport in a video posted on april 12 , 2017 . christian actor kevin sorbo made headlines last week for allegedly being " banned " from a comic convention . now the actor is speaking out , claiming that he found the entire situation amusing since he was never intending to attend the event in the first place . the convention promoter and comic book artist cliff galbraith bragged on facebook post last week that sorbo , who is known for his role as hercules in the 1995 - 1999 tV show " hercules : the legendary journeys , " would be refused entrance to his upcoming event in april because of his conservative affiliations . " i turned down kevin sorbo for east coast comicon . he ' s pals with sean hannity . i just can ' t do it , " the promoter wrote . however , in an interview with lifezette on wednesday sorbo set the record straight . " i thought this [ the facebook post ] was pretty funny . i laughed , " the " andromeda " star said about the topic . sorbo said being discriminated on because of his conservative or political beliefs by a fan convention " is a first " for him . " to me , it ' s like , what a smart move . i was never even invited [ to the convention ] . my agent never went there . i went online and it ' s a very small con [ event ] , so he [ gailbraith ] was trying to drum up interest in his con and himself . i appreciate it and i applaud his entrepreneurial spirit , especially for a guy who is a socialist , " the 59 - year - old actor continued . the actor maintained that he was not at all surprised to see a " liberal person " judge him based solely on his conservative views . " the left is so angry about the election still , over a year later , " sorbo concluded . many of galbraith ' s liberal supporters on facebook praised him for making the decision to exclude sorbo , and one user even went as far as noting that sorbo had been listed on imdb ' s list of " racist or right - wing stars to avoid . " nevertheless , the negative responses or press is not phasing the " god ' s not dead " actor and he concluded that he would , in fact , work with fox news talk show host sean hannity again in the future . sorbo and the political commentator released a faith - based film together titled , " let there be light " at the end of 2017 . the film had the second highest per screen average of all wide releases in 2017 and grossed an impressive 7 , 203 , 808 at the box office .
( screengrab : youtube / abc15 arizona ) evangelist franklin graham speaks at president donald trump ' s rally in phoenix , arizona on august 22 , 2017 . questioned by msnbc about a recent accusation that a lawyer for donald trump had paid 130 , 000 to a porn star to keep quiet about an alleged affair during the election season , evangelist franklin graham said trump " is not president perfect " and added that " we just have to give the man the benefit of the doubt . " " does the president have a sin problem " msnbc " live " anchor alex witt asked , referring to the porn star , stormy daniels . " he is not president perfect , " graham , the president and ceo of the billy graham evangelistic association , told witt . " president trump i don ' t think has admitted to having an affair with this person . and so this is just a news story , and i don ' t even know if it ' s accurate . " graham added that he believes " at 70 years of age , the president is a much different person today than he was four years ago , five years ago , 10 years ago , or whatever and we just have to give the man the benefit of the doubt . " trump said he didn ' t do it , " so okay , let ' s say he didn ' t do it , " graham added . asked about his support for a president who was recently accused of referring to haiti , el salvador and african nations as " s * * * hole countries , " graham said he doesn ' t think it ' s hypocritical . " he said he didn ' t say it , so i have to go along with the president in that he didn ' t say it , " graham added . " why are we having all these people from s - - - hole countries come here " trump allegedly asked during a recent meeting at the oval office in the white house with several republicans and democrats during immigration negotiations , according to the washington post , which also reported that the president said he would prefer people from countries like norway to come to america instead . " god has forgiven me and i ' ve asked for his forgiveness , and i think the president has , too , " graham said . " we certainly don ' t hold him up as the pastor of this nation and he is not . but i appreciate the fact that the president does have a concern for christian values , he does have a concern to protect christians whether its here at home or around the world and i appreciate the fact that he protects religious liberty and freedom . " the islamic state terror group , also known as is , isis , isil or daesh , recently lost its territorial empire in iraq and syria due to a u . s . - led military campaign . graham stressed that trump is " a businessman who is a president , not a politician , but a businessman . " he continued , " we should all be grateful that he ' s brought his knowledge to washington and he ' s helping to turn this economy around . " the president ' s deregulation and tax cut policies have resulted in the stock markets hitting record highs with the dow jones industrial average jumping past 25 , 000 for the first time ever earlier this month , among other economic indicators . earlier this month , the wall street journal reported that a lawyer for trump had paid 130 , 000 in hush money to stormy daniels . daniels , whose given name is stephanie clifford , has claimed to multiple publications that she had sex with trump around the time that his wife melania had given birth to their son barron . according to the story , daniels and trump began their affair in july 2006 at american century celebrity golf tournament in which trump invited the porn star into his room and they had what she later described as " textbook generic " sex .
( photo : rocket republic , courtesy of erlc ) russell moore addresses evangelicals for life conference at the jw marriott hotel on january 18 , 2018 . washiNgtoN building a culture that values life will be a " 100 - year project " that requires christians to address our " protection of self " society , said prominent evangelical russell moore . and promoting that culture of life means equally valuing the unborn as well as the elderly , immigrants and refugees , the poor , the vulnerable , and women , he stressed while speaking at evangelicals for life 2018 . before hundreds assembled thursday at the j . w . marriott hotel in downtown washington , several speakers stressed the importance for christians to articulate a value for life at every stage . particular emphasis was given to the unborn as conference attendees participated in the march for life friday , the largest annual pro - life gathering in the nation . the conference was sponsored by focus on the family and the ethics religious liberty commission , the policy arm of the southern baptist convention . " the overturning of roe v . wade is necessary for justice but the overturning of roe v . wade does not by itself constitute justice , " said moore , president of the erlc in an interview with the christian post . overturning the contentious 1973 case that legalized abortion nationwide would simply send the matter back to the states and culture , he pointed out . " but we also have to be working at dealing with the root of the problem as well . it ' s a both / and not an either / or , " he said , mentioning a feminist leader and abortion rights advocate whose words haunt him ; this feminist leader once said that " most americans are pro - life with three exceptions : rape , incest , and my situation . " " when one looks around and sees the culture in american life of the self and of protection of self it inevitably leads to an abortion culture . we have to address that as well , " moore said , adding that " this is not a four - or five - year project . this is going to have to be a 100 - year project . " moore , who during the 2016 election was a vocal critic of then candidate donald trump , has since praised the president ' s moves toward protecting the unborn while urging the administration to take a different approach toward immigrants and refugees . " i think there ' s a sense in which sometimes it is difficult to say political allies on one issue does not mean that a person is adopting completely everything that the movement articulates , " moore said when asked about trump ' s favorable moves toward protecting the unborn but unfavorable rhetoric and posture toward refugees and immigrants . " politics is important but politics is not ultimate , and so we are not afraid of it but we don ' t idolize it either that everything is not utopia or dystopia at any given moment . " in his remarks at the conference , the erlc president noted that a culture that values life cannot simultaneously value hedonism and pornography . the pro - life witness will never flourish where women are not valued , he said . " there was a time when churches were reluctant to talk about healthy sexuality but that has changed but not in ways that are altogether good , " moore told cp . " i will often see song of solomon preached sort of as a how - to guide to better sex rather than getting at the deeper fabric of what human sexuality is . i also think we have to have moral credibility on issues of sexuality . if god has revealed something to us about sexuality , and he has , we have to speak consistently both about sin and about the offer of grace . " churches cannot do this while ignoring the ravages of the divorce culture and refusing to speak to the issues of abuse , he continued to explain , a topic that has been accentuated as credible allegations of sexual misconduct by top leaders in many industries have surfaced in recent months . moore further recalled that he was once debating abortion with a pro - choice advocate who said , " well , if you all care about unborn children , why don ' t you adopt some children . " " and i said , ' i have so have many people that i know . ' and the response was almost immediately ' isn ' t it terrible that you religious people are adopting children and inculcating them into your worldview . ' " " the idea , as [ former congressman ] barney frank said years ago , ' pro - lifers begin at conception and ends at birth , ' is not true . and at the local level in many ways the pro - life movement has demonstrated that better than anyone , " moore said . the evangelicals for life conference also showcased the continuing growth and work of pro - life crisis pregnancy centers . " when i look at the sorts of ministries , too numerous to even count , that are helping vulnerable women , i can think of countless ministries that deal with the full range of the human experience where they ' re not simply talking about abortion decision itself , but getting at the root of what ' s going on in that woman ' s life and loving her , " moore said .
( photo : reuters / carlos barria ) u . s . president donald trump waves after addressing the annual march for life rally , taking place on the national mall , from the white house rose garden in washington , u . s . , january 19 , 2018 . president donald trump has issued a proclamation declaring jan . 22 , which is the anniversary of the 1973 u . s . supreme court decision roe v . wade , " national sanctity of human life day . " in an official statement released last friday , president trump explained in the proclamation that the observance is meant to " affirm the truth that all life is sacred , that every person has inherent dignity and worth , and that no class of people should ever be discarded as ' non - human . ' " " reverence for every human life , one of the values for which our founding fathers fought , defines the character of our nation . today , it moves us to promote the health of pregnant mothers and their unborn children , " read the proclamation . " it animates our concern for single moms ; the elderly , the infirm , and the disabled ; and orphan and foster children . it compels us to address the opioid epidemic and to bring aid to those who struggle with mental illness . it gives us the courage to stand up for the weak and the powerless . " the proclamation also noted that scientific research " continues to support and build the case for " the pro - life movement and their agenda items . " medical technologies allow us to see images of the unborn children moving their newly formed fingers and toes , yawning , and even smiling , " continued the proclamation . " those images present us with irrefutable evidence that babies are growing within their mothers ' wombs precious , unique lives , each deserving a future filled with promise and hope . we can also now operate on babies in utero to stave off life - threatening diseases . " expand collapse ( photo : reuters / eric thayer ) particpants watch as u . s . president donald trump speaks by satellite from the nearby white house to attendees of the march for life anti - abortion rally in washington , u . s . january 19 , 2018 . trump ' s proclamation comes as the commander - in - chief became the first sitting president to address the annual march for life in washington , d . c . speaking via satellite from the white house rose garden , trump stated on friday that he was " honored " and " proud " to be the first commander - in - chief to address the march for life . " today , tens of thousands of families , students , and patriots , and really just great citizens , gather here in our nation ' s capital , " said trump , his speech broadcast on a large screen before the march for life rally attendees at the national mall . " you come from many backgrounds , many places , but you all come for one beautiful cause : to build a society where life is celebrated , protected , and cherished . the march for life is a movement born out of love . you love your families , you love your neighbors , you love our nation , and you love every child , born and unborn , because you believe that every life is sacred , that every child is a precious gift from god . " trump is not the first president to issue such a proclamation . for example , as one of his final actions as president , george w . bush declared jan . 18 , 2009 " national sanctity of human life day . " " the most basic duty of government is to protect the life of the innocent , " read bush ' s proclamation , as quoted by politico in 2009 . " my administration has been committed to building a culture of life by vigorously promoting adoption and parental notification laws , opposing federal funding for abortions overseas , encouraging teen abstinence and funding crisis pregnancy programs . "
( photo : reuters / hannah mckay ) a priest wears a rainbow ribbon during a vigil against anglican homophobia , outside the general synod of the church of england in london , britain , february 15 , 2017 . the church of england ' s house of bishops has decided against creating a new service to celebrate a person ' s gender transition . the bishops are advising that the church mark the transgender occasion instead with the existing baptism rite . the archbishop of york , john sentamu , was one of the senior church officials who had called for a new baptism - style service specifically created for transgender christians . but in a private meeting at lambeth palace the bishops rejected the move , the mail reported on sunday . the rev . chris newlands said that it would be a " wonderful opportunity to create a liturgy which speaks powerfully to the particularities of trans people , and make a significant contribution to their well - being and support . " though the church will not be creating a new rite to mark a person ' s gender transition , clergy are being advised to use the existing rite , affirmation of baptismal faith , which was designed to celebrate the baptism or confirmation of a person . " the church of england welcomes transgender people and wholeheartedly wishes for them to be included in the life of the church , " the rt . rev . graham james , bishop of norwich , said in a statement . " on the matter of whether a new service is needed , the house of bishops has decided that the current service that is used to affirm baptism can be adapted . " clergy always have the discretion to compose and say prayers with people as they see fit . " the general synod officially passed a motion last july that welcomed and affirmed transgender people to the church , with the vote going overwhelmingly in favor of the change . the house of bishops was left to decide on whether special liturgical materials would be prepared to mark a person ' s gender transition in a baptism - style ceremony . cofe bishops are reportedly also working on a major " teaching document , " which will not be ready before 2020 , on the long - standing debate over same - sex marriage . the church defines marriage as a union solely between one man and one woman , though it has faced criticism from both liberal and conservative wings . conservative anglicans , such as the global anglican future conference , have accused church leadership of giving in to pressure to " compromise clear christian teaching in the face of secular humanist philosophy . " the church of england also raised eyebrows in november with its " valuing all god ' s children " report , which said that allowing children to cross - dress could be one way to tackle homophobia and transphobia at school . the report stated that lgbt children are often bullied , and so pupils should be allowed to play " with many cloaks of identity " when growing up without " judgment or derision , " such as boys wearing tutus , tiaras , and heels . " all bullying , including homophobic , biphobic and transphobic bullying causes profound damage , leading to higher levels of mental health disorders , self - harm , depression and suicide , " archbishop of canterbury justin welby said .
subscribe to canada free press for free the only way to end the conflict is to end the lies the big palestine lie palestinian boss mahmoud abbas recently declared that israel is a colonial enterprise that has nothing to do with jewishness . moses , king david and thousands of years of jewish history would disagree . israel and the jews are part of the story of human civilization . over 50 of the human race has a holy book that tells of the jewish journey to israel . that includes mohammed s own copy of the koran . israel isn t a colonial enterprise . palestine is . anyone who wants to find out where the name israel comes from can open the book of genesis 32 : 29 . the story even appears in islamic hadiths . but where does palestine really come from palestine isn t a hebrew or arabic word palestine isn t a hebrew or arabic word . the greeks used it to describe the area . and when the romans and their arab mercenaries repressed the indigenous jewish population , they renamed it all palestine . palestine , after the philistines : but why did the greeks and romans name the area after the philistines the philistines were one of the greek origin sea peoples who had originally invaded and colonized the area . the jewish resistance to philistine colonialism is chronicled in the histories of samson , king saul and king david . it was natural for the greek and roman colonies that the jews of the second temple era clashed with to use palestine , the name associated with earlier colonies , to refer to their new colonies . that latest phase of greek colonialism led to an extended conflict between the persian empire and greco - roman civilization . the romans made extended use of arab mercenaries and rulers to secure their dominions . one such ruler was herod , the son of an idumean father and a nabatean arab mother , ( according to the greek historian strabo they were both arabic peoples ) , who repressed the jews . the eventual decline and fall of the roman and persian empires made way for the islamic conquests of the region . but the islamic bandit hordes had no original ideas . their religion was a hodgepodge of judaism , christianity , assorted pagan beliefs and mohammed s violent fantasies . the rest of their culture they took wholesale from the greeks . this game of historical idiocracy ended with a collection of arab colonists who call themselves palestinians and claim to be descended from somebody . in germany , abbas declared that , the nation of palestine , throughout its long history , has been a beacon of generosity , and our people are an extension of the 3 , 500 - year - old canaanite civilization . the palestinian authority that the unelected dictator runs was created in 1993 . there was never any such independent country before that . and inquiring minds would love to know what an islamic terrorist group and the arab clans it oversees have in common with the canaanite civilization . fire , the wheel abbas also insisted that , mohammed the prophet was a palestinian but then , abbas also insisted that , mohammed the prophet was a palestinian . according to islamic tradition , mohammed was an adnanite arab from arabia . they claim descent from ishmael and abraham . that means they aren t canaanites . and a number of the arab clans who make up the palestinians do have their origins in arabia . for a brief , shining moment , abbas was telling the truth . previously , abbas had also claimed that jesus was a palestinian . if you re keeping track , that means the palestinians are canaanites , arabs and jews . that certainly covers a lot of historical bases . but we re just getting started . the bible says , in these words , that the palestinians existed before abraham , abbas also insisted . the bible doesn t say anything in these words , but people took it to mean that he was claiming that the palestinians were actually the philistines . but then he took credit for the invention of the canaanite - palestinian alphabet more than 6 , 000 years ago . there s no such alphabet . the palestinian authority and muslims in israel use the arabic alphabet which does have its extremely distant origins in the phoenician proto - canaanite alphabet . but so does greek , latin and the letters you re reading now . like most of the palestinian leader s claims , it s nonsense . within a few years , abbas claimed that the palestinians are descended from the canaanites , the philistines , the jews and the arabs . only the last one is true . the palestinians were part of a wave of arab and islamic invaders whose incursions continued well into the modern era . there are some 10 , 000 afro - palestinians in gaza . some are african settlers who came in the 19 th century . the anti - israel left would have you believe that a sudanese muslim who settled in israel in the late 19 th century is an indigenous palestinian , but a jewish refugee from egypt is a foreign settler . continued below . . . the palestinians are what they always were : a foreign islamic arab colony inside israel the arab muslims who live in 48 and 67 israel are made up of various clans from around the region . abbas has referred to jordan and palestine as one people living in two states . hamas interior minister fathi hammad had once asserted , personally , half my family is egyptian . we are all like that . more than 30 families in the gaza strip are called al - masri ( egyptian ) . brothers , half of the palestinians are egyptians and the other half are saudis . the most famous al - masri is a billionaire who lives in a west bank reproduction of an italian villa named the house of palestine , and was recently detained by the saudis . munib masri served as a palestinian authority minister , holds a legislative seat and accounts for a quarter of the palestinian economy . the greenhouse in his villa was a gift from napoleon iii to his mistress . masri , whose family name originated in egypt , and claims to be a palestinian , is actually a saudi citizen who lives in an imported italian villa . he made his money supplying the Us military during desert storm . that s what a palestinian looks like . the palestinians are egyptians , saudis , jordanians , senegalese , sudanese and a number of other muslim invasive colonists . they are not philistines , canaanites or jews . they re as indigenous as al - masri s house of palestine made out of imported italian marble and filled with european art . the palestinians are what they always were : a foreign islamic arab colony inside israel . continued below . . . news from idealmedia . com the palestinians are not the victims of colonialism . they are its perpetrators the big lie of palestine is that the islamic colonists are the indigenous population of israel and that the jews are colonizing palestine . but an indigenous people can never colonize their own country . palestine is a twisted colonial fiction . the name reflects greek colonization of the region . and its use by the modern islamic colonists shows their lack of any actual historical connection to israel . after all the agonized wailing about the deeply meaningful palestinian connection to palestine , they still haven t come up with their own name for the place . one that they can properly pronounce . ( there s no proper p in arabic . ) but abbas keeps coming up with new lies about which ancient people the palestinians are descended from this week . i can t wait until he claims to be cherokee . the claim of the palestinian colonists to israel is a lie of islamic imperialism . the muslim powers of the region have funded the racist attacks by the plo , hamas and other islamic terrorist groups on jews . the palestinians are not the victims of colonialism . they are its perpetrators . the fighting between israel and islamic terrorists is a struggle between imperialism and colonialism . the imperialists are not the oppressed jewish minority that has been forced out of nearly everywhere else in the region . it s the arab islamic majority that represses minorities across the region . palestine is a pathetic attempt to launder one imperial identity with another followed by shameless efforts to appropriate the identities of nearly every ancient people in the region . including the jews . the only way to end the conflict is to end the lies .
daniel greenfield daniel greenfield is a new york city writer and columnist . he is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center and his articles appears at its front page magazine site . most recent articles by daniel greenfield : jan 24 , 2018 daniel greenfield palestinian boss mahmoud abbas recently declared that israel is a colonial enterprise that has nothing to do with jewishness . moses , king david and thousands of years of jewish history would disagree . israel and the jews are part of the story of human civilization . over 50 of the human race has a holy book that tells of the jewish journey to israel . that includes mohammed s own copy of the koran . israel isn t a colonial enterprise . palestine is . anyone who wants to find out where the name israel comes from can open the book of genesis 32 : 29 . the story even appears in islamic hadiths . but where does palestine really come from jan 21 , 2018 daniel greenfield there are two statistics that explain the democrat obsession with illegal immigration and open borders . 97 of immigrants in the appropriate grouping identify themselves as hispanic , but by the fourth generation that number falls to half . only 7 of immigrants describe themselves as americans , but 56 in the third generation call themselves americans . even the use of spanish is slowly declining . if a minority stops existing after a few generations , did it ever actually exist jan 19 , 2018 daniel greenfield last winter , the local media was touting imam abdullah khadra as a victim of president trump s travel ban . khadra , a syrian , was here on a religious worker visa and was applying for political asylum . the refugee imam living in north carolina called trump s move , absolutely inhumane and ridiculous . jewish leftists agreed . lucy dinner , the clergywoman from temple beth or in raleigh , denounced singling out an entire group of people based on their faith . lucy dinner had previously signed a letter in support of anti - israel activism by eric and jennifer solomon . eric solomon was affiliated with the anti - israel hate group , t ruah , and jenny solomon ran controversial educational programs at the nc hillel . jan 18 , 2018 daniel greenfield president trump s end year remarks to the new york times acerbically summed up his relationship with the media . i m going to win another four years because newspapers , television , all forms of media will tank if i m not there . the answering outburst of rage and contempt from the media burned all the hotter because the statement was not only intentionally provocative ; it was also true . the media has never been able to quit trump . its conviction that it can destroy him through coverage has repeatedly proven false . but that hasn t stopped the media from throwing more coverage at him . and its motive for the non - stop coverage has always been the selfish pursuit of ratings , clicks and sales . jan 14 , 2018 daniel greenfield ( i wrote this article quite a few years ago . i feel that it s relevant now in light of the oprah for president movement . ) obama s political success was built on his ability to invoke values detached from belief systems . to break away symbols and ideals from religious and national value systems , and mix and match them into his own sound bites . like the famous hope poster , that mixed patriotic color schemes with socialist realism , or his own speeches which invoked the founders in support of socialism . the obama wave was piggybacking on a culture where context had ceased to matter . obama s image had more in common with the way hip hop artists sample songs , than with a symphony . his campaign was the perfect trailer to a movie that would never be released . it was the marriage of corporate advertising campaigns , pop culture , radical politics and americana thrown together in a pot and boiled into one indecipherable mix that was appealing , and yet completely void of meaning . jan 13 , 2018 daniel greenfield we re in the middle of a civil war . it may not be a shooting war . for the most part . ( though don t tell that to some republicans at a charity game practice who were targeted by a bernie sanders supporter . ) but it s a war all the same . the war is still being fought with paper and protests . but it s based on irreconcilable differences between parts of the country . much like the ones that brought on the war between brothers . jan 12 , 2018 daniel greenfield prime minister thatcher once famously observed that socialists always run out of other people s money . but what actually happens when socialism runs out of money venezuela , a once wealthy nation with black gold coming out of the ground , is a test case . the socialist regime ran out of other people s money , and then out of money , years ago . the government met protests by its starving population with a 40 minimum wage hike . that s the usual socialist solution to what leftists call income inequality . the problem is that 40 of nothing is still zero . jan 10 , 2018 daniel greenfield in october , 125 psychologists and assorted mental health professionals marched to new york s city hall while wearing red tags warning , danger . leading the march was peter fraenkel , author of sync your relationship , save your marriage , mournfully beating a drum in a solemn march . fraenkel , a psychologist and professional drummer was able to combine his love of drums and hatred of trump . the duty to warn march had begun at new york law school where the experts demanded that trump be removed from office based on their inability to understand the 25 th amendment . and then the mental health experts marched to the beat of fraenkel s drum in what they insisted was a funereal and dignified procession . please wear professional attire or dark clothing , the mental health experts were instructed . there will be a slow drum beat , danger tape , and flashing warning lights . jan 8 , 2018 daniel greenfield we pay the palestinians hundred of millions of dollars a year and get no appreciation or respect , president trump tweeted . with the palestinians no longer willing to talk peace , why should we make any of these massive future payments to them the president of the united states has a very good point . but it s not as if the islamic terrorists in the west bank and gazan territories of israel have ever been willing to do more than occasionally talk peace before getting bored and stomping away from the table . and then stabbing a few children to death . the united states has paid the plo s palestinian authority billions to occasionally pretend to talk about peace . there isn t a dollar amount high enough to get the terrorists to actually agree to peace . jan 3 , 2018 daniel greenfield the original civil war was fought by farmhands and factory workers , freed slaves and young boys turned soldiers ; the new civil war is being fought by lawyers in blue or gray suits not with bullets , but with bullet points . from the mueller investigation to federal judges declaring that president trump doesn t have the right to control immigration policy or command the military , from political sabotage at the doj by obama appointees like sally yates to patagonia s lawsuit over national monuments , the cold civil war set off by the left s rejection of the 2016 election results has been a paper war largely waged by lawyers . the biggest threat to new yorkers right now is the federal government , attorney general eric schneiderman of new york recently declared . the radical leftist pol who had once vowed to do everything possible to elect hillary clinton was explaining his hundred lawsuits against the government on everything from net neutrality to the travel ban meant to keep out the islamic terrorists running over tourists near ground zero and bombing commuters in the tunnels off times square . jan 2 , 2018 daniel greenfield prime minister margaret thatcher famously observed that socialism works until you run out of other people s money . identity politics also works until you run out of other people . and then metoo becomes notmetoo . other people s money can be borrowed against . that s why we have the national debt that we do . but identity politics has multiplied too abruptly and explosively to postpone the reckoning much longer . what were once simple categories of three races and two genders has mutated into an infinite alphabet of sexual identities , a big bang of ethnicities , national , cultural , racial and religious , each with its own microaggressions , that easily tops two hundred and shows no signs of slowing down its expansion . dec 30 , 2017 daniel greenfield saleh ali was one of 64 , 000 syrian refugees living in the netherlands . the vast majority , like ali , are young men . and the largest number of these migrants spend their days idling in amsterdam . on thursday morning , saleh ali took a walk to trendy amstelveenseweg while wearing a keffiyah and waving a terrorist plo flag . he stopped in front of a jewish restaurant , shouted allahu akbar and began smashing the windows . the amsterdam police stood by and watched quizzically until he was done . then when he entered the restaurant , they finally called him out and arrested him . and in two days he was back on the street . dec 27 , 2017 daniel greenfield you might think that the biggest threat to new yorkers is the string of islamic terrorist attacks , including the recent times square suicide bombing and the ground zero adjacent car jihad . but new york s left - wing ag , who once vowed to give anti - semitic lynch mob leader al sharpton a place in his office , knows better . schneiderman remains undeterred in what he views as a significant role in protecting new yorkers from washington . we try and protect new yorkers from those who would do them harm , he told the times . the biggest threat to new yorkers right now is the federal government , so we re responding to it . i love how in a brief matter of months , secessionist rhetoric has become so mainstreamed among dems . the bosses of california and new york suddenly sound like militia leaders in idaho . more dec 25 , 2017 daniel greenfield foremost , the nasa administrator described his marching orders from obama , he wanted me to find a way to reach out to the muslim world . the great new mission of america s space agency would be to make muslims feel good about their historic contribution to science . president trump has another mission for nasa . looking over at former senator schmitt , the last living man to walk on the moon in the apollo 17 mission forty - five years ago , president trump said , today , we pledge that he will not be the last . dec 21 , 2017 daniel greenfield akayed ullah , a bangladeshi muslim living in brooklyn , really hated christmas . he hated christmas so much that he used christmas tree lights ( along with a battery and some wire ) as a trigger for a pipe bomb . he filled the pipe bomb with screws so that when it went off , metal shrapnel would tear bloody holes through morning commuters in manhattan . wearing a hooded jacket and a backpack to cover the pipe bomb strapped to his body , ullah got on the f train at the 18 th avenue elevated subway station off little bangladesh . like the duke ellington song says , he switched over to the a train at jay street . it was early morning , but there were plenty of people riding the train . jay street is a major transit hub . but ullah was waiting to blow up somewhere else . he got off in the crush at the 42 nd - st . port authority station . here a whole lot of people can be found rushing up and down crowded staircases and shoving their way through cramped corridors . dec 14 , 2017 daniel greenfield amsterdam s hacarmel restaurant sits between two other restaurants . the jewish kosher eatery whose big blue sign boasts fish , meat and vegetarian options is sandwiched between a sidewalk caf with its inevitable heineken umbrellas on one corner of amstelveenseweg and an ice cream place on the other corner . there s an italian restaurant across the street with some very nice front windows . if the muslim refugee had wanted to smash up any eatery , he had plenty of options . but he went to the kosher restaurant . inside were wooden chairs , white tablecloths and red roses . outside came the guttural shriek of , allahu akbar . this was the battle cry with which mohammed had inaugurated his massacre and enslavement of the jews . the cuisine inside hacarmel is middle eastern , but the attack showed why there are few jews ( or christians ) left in the middle east outside israel . the amsterdam cops had plenty of warning . the palestinian was wearing a keffiyah on his head , waving a large plo flag in one hand and brandishing a club in the other while shouting , allahu akbar . dec 12 , 2017 daniel greenfield hamas has announced that president trump s recognition of jerusalem as the capital of israel has opened the gates of hell . its muslim brotherhood parent has declared america an enemy state . the arab league boss warned that the jerusalem move will fuel extremism and result in violence . the jordanian foreign minister claimed that it would trigger anger and fuel tension . moderate muslim leaders excel at threatening violence on behalf of the extremists . dec 9 , 2017 daniel greenfield everybody f____g knew , a top hollywood screenwriter wrote of harvey weinstein . everybody knew about matt lauer at nbc , variety reports , and it wasn t even considered a secret . every female in the press corps knew that , right , don t get in elevator with him , abc s cokie roberts said of rep . conyers . everybody knew . the metoo sexual harassment scandals have hit cnn , msnbc , cbs , nbc , abc , npr , pbs , vox , new republic , mother jones . forget matt lauer and charlie rose . they were just the talent . their big decisions were limited to which hairpiece looked best in all three mirrors and which na ve intern to prey on this month . the heads of the men who actually make the news are rolling left and right . dec 6 , 2017 daniel greenfield huma abedin did not know that clinton had a private server until about a year and a half ago when it became public knowledge . abedin , hillary s closest aide , was being interviewed at the fbi s washington d . c . field office by two unnamed agents . also present was peter strzok , the counterintelligence fbi figure embroiled in a scandal because of the pro - hillary and anti - trump texts exposed by his extramarital affair . the field office is another one of those bland government buildings located near enough to the mall for tourists who are going the wrong way to stumble on it , but not interesting enough for them to notice it . the building , like so many others , is part of the deeper architecture of the governing city that matters far more than the showy museums or even the white house and its adjacent eisenhower executive office building . the decisions that make the news happen in the white house and the eisenhower executive office building . but the decisions that really matter take place in more obscure places , like a bland government building . dec 5 , 2017 daniel greenfield if we had anything faintly resembling an evenhanded justice system , huma abedin would be pleading guilty right about now . but of course we don t . and so a series of trump associates are forced to plead guilty to lying to the fbi . while hillary continues her spite across america tour . did close hillary associates like cheryl mills , hillary s right - hand woman , and huma abedin lie to the fbi as evidence assembled by chuck ross at the daily caller suggests , it rather looks like it . more
right side broadcasting most recent articles by right side broadcasting : jan 24 , 2018 right side broadcasting jan 23 , 2018 right side broadcasting jan 22 , 2018 right side broadcasting jan 19 , 2018 right side broadcasting jan 19 , 2018 right side broadcasting jan 19 , 2018 right side broadcasting dec 29 , 2017 right side broadcasting there are widespread anti - government protests in iran today , spreading after they began in a few cities yesterday . protesters in the demonstrations are complaining about the state of the economy including rising prices , and also are asking that the government spend more on the people of iran and less on foreign military entanglements . we have live breaKinG news cOveraGe of the iran protests . dec 27 , 2017 right side broadcasting dec 22 , 2017 right side broadcasting dec 20 , 2017 right side broadcasting dec 18 , 2017 right side broadcasting dec 18 , 2017 right side broadcasting amtrak train derails in washington state onto interstate 5 ; multiple fatalities reported ( foxnews ) an inaugural ride on amtrak s new line meant to speed train service in washington state turned deadly monday after a train carrying more than 80 people derailed outside of tacoma causing several train cars to tumble from an overpass onto an interstate highway , officials said . multiple fatalities were reported after amtrak train 501 derailed about 7 : 30 a . m . along interstate 5 as it was leaving the new tacoma station , pierce county sheriff s spokesman ed troyer said . he did not specify the number of people killed . amtrak train derails in washington ; fatalities reported dUpOnt , wash . an amtrak train has derailed on an overpass in washington state , with at least two train cars falling onto the highway below . authorities say multiple fatalities and injuries have been reported . at this time , all southbound lanes of traffic remain blocked on interstate 5 . the washington state department of transportation tweeted a photo of the derailment , urging motorists to avoid the area . more dec 17 , 2017 right side broadcasting dec 14 , 2017 right side broadcasting dec 13 , 2017 right side broadcasting dec 12 , 2017 right side broadcasting dec 11 , 2017 right side broadcasting dec 7 , 2017 right side broadcasting dec 5 , 2017 right side broadcasting several large fires have exploded in southern california in the last 24 hours , and now they are threatening property and lives . these fires include the thomas fire in ventura and santa paula , the creek fire in sylmar and lake view terrace , the rye fire in santa clarita , and the little mountain fire and the meyers fire in san bernadino . we have live breaKinG news cOveraGe of these dangerous and spreading fires . dec 4 , 2017 right side broadcasting
the battle against human trafficking and exploitation has been an ongoing global blight throughout history . today it is estimated that this multi - billion dollar industry is responsible for the enslavement and exploitation of approximately 20 . 9 million people around the world . despite the fact that this is a massive problem , affecting both men and women young and old , many of us are still unaware of the depth of the problem that we are facing in today s society . the term human trafficking is often associated solely with sex slavery , however , that is only one of a number of situations that would fall under this umbrella . the department of homeland security explains that human trafficking is modern - day slavery and involves the use of force , fraud , or coercion to obtain some type of labor or commercial sex act . by this definition , human trafficking would include a young woman forced into prostitution , a child forced into unpaid labor or a man working at a commercial farming operation after his employer stripped him of his passport , leaving him with no other recourse . in recent history , world leaders have reaffirmed their dedication to cracking down on traffickers . government leaders in the united kingdom have developed plans to crackdown on the high rate of human trafficking in nigeria , committing nearly 9 . 5 million usd to eradicate the problem at the root . meanwhile , egyptian law enforcement started 2018 with the detention of 75 people following a 14 - month investigation by the administrative control authority . the arrests included government officials , egyptian citizens and foreigners . the egyptian raids raise an important point in the consideration of human trafficking cases those involved are not always low - level criminals . in fact , many of those that have been arrested in association with these crimes are high - profile , professional individuals , government officials and business owners . there have been rumors that additional high - level arrests have been made , and media sources in the united states are even being given access to the information at this time in preparation for the story going public , however , u . s . officials are keeping quiet at this time so as to avoid the release of information that could harm their efforts or hinder the capture of those responsible . within the united states , individual state officials have been making advances in their efforts to crack down on this heinous crime . recently state lawmakers in wisconsin have expanded upon their existing laws following 82 arrests as part of a nationwide sting . the new proposed laws would expand upon the ability to subpoena internet providers for records by also allowing hotel internet records to be collected including the customer s name , address , phone number and the duration of their stay . matt joy , director of the human trafficking bureau and internet crimes against children task force with the wisconsin department of justice explains , we started recognizing , as we built our human trafficking capacities over the last year , that this tool could be a great benefit to those who are engaged in human trafficking investigations . january 2018 has officially been declared as national slavery and human trafficking prevention month by president donald trump . the official statement on the white house website states : during national slavery and human trafficking prevention month , we recommit ourselves to eradicating the evil of enslavement . human trafficking is a modern form of the oldest and most barbaric type of exploitation . it has no place in our world . this month we do not simply reflect on this appalling reality . we also pledge to do all in our power to end the horrific practice of human trafficking that plagues innocent victims around the world . image via odyssey
spanning 3 . 6 million square miles , the sahara desert is the largest hot desert in the entire world . a vast expanse of desert mountains , high plateaus , and barren desert sands , it is no shock that the area boasts a hot , dry climate throughout the year . in fact , experts report that half of the sahara desert receives less than an inch of rain over the course of the year , while the other half isn t much better , receiving up to 4 inches . you can imagine everyone s shock when the sand dunes of that very desert were dusted with snow . the town of ain sefra in algeria saw 1 - 2 inches of snow in the early hours of sunday morning with the outskirts surrounding the city seeing up to 16 inches in some areas incredibly , this isn t the first time in the recent past that this has occurred . the town saw snow following christmas 2016 , sending the city into complete chaos and disarray . prior to the 2016 storm , the area hadn t seen snow since february 18 , 1979 . it seems like the snowy pictures were taken across the higher areas in the north of the region , towards the atlas regions , so it s not surprising that the area would see some snow if the conditions were right , said a spokeswoman for the met office . with the setup over europe at the moment , which has given us cold weather over the weekend , a push southwards of cold air into that region and some sort of moisture would bring that snow . when asked about the phenomenon , photographer karim bouchetata stated , we were really surprised when we woke up to see snow again . it stayed all day on sunday and began melting at around 5 pm . while children made snowmen and snow angels and took their makeshift sleds to ride down the dunes , bouchetata , along with numerous other photographers , took out their cameras to capture the rare beauty . check out these stunning photos , straight from the sahara desert :
when it comes to overcoming the past you have to be able to accept it . this for most is much easier said than done . if you want to overcome your past you have to be able to accept your present and your future . you have to stop letting the past weigh you down . below you will find a list of steps that need to be taken in order to move on from that painful past of yours . 7 steps to overcoming your painful past : 1 . reflect over your past . really think things over . think about your past and where you want to be in the future . really figure out what is holding you back . accept your past as your past , and really try to stop giving it power . the more power you give it the worse it will feel . 3 . get out in nature . spend as much time in nature as you can . get out there and feel the dirt . let your feelings flow , cry if you need to cry . 4 . take about it . talk about things with someone who matters to you . let things out and share the burden with someone who cares . this feeling will bring about so much peace . 5 . believe in yourself . believe in who you are and who you can be . stop letting your past define you accept yourself and your future self . be more present , stop dwelling on the past . the past is not who you are . be as in the moment as you can be . if you cannot change it let go of it . there is no sense in holding onto something that serves no purpose in your life . learn from your mistakes and let them go . once you have done these things you will be feeling much better . these things will allow you to overcome anything that might be holding you back . letting go is a lot easier than most people make it out to be .
question : is president donald trump slamming the door on muslims so - called american dream ( making america sharia - compliant ) contrary to what they say in this video , it is NOt islamophobia , xenophobia , or racism . it is an informed and justifiable hatred of islam and a very rational fear of muslims that is making muslims feel unwanted in america . since us president donald trump came to power , muslim americans say they feel increasingly unwelcome in their own country . according to critics , trump s executive orders banning travellers from several muslim - majority countries and his anti - muslim rhetoric have normalized what ignorant people like to call islamophobia . according to pew research , among others , there is great hatred towards americans by large segments of the muslim population . most recently , a poll from the center for security policy released data showing 25 of those polled agreed that violence against americans here in the united states is justified as a part of the global jihad and 51 of those polled , agreed that muslims in america should have the choice of being governed according to sharia . sharia authorizes such atrocities as murder against non - believers who won t convert , beheadings and more unthinkable acts that pose great harm to americans , especially women . mr . trump stated , without looking at the various polling data , it is obvious to anybody the hatred is beyond comprehension . where this hatred comes from and why we will have to determine . until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses , our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in jihad , and have no sense of reason or respect for human life .
the romantics within us want to believe that every marriage can be saved . but this just is not reality . if one of the partners cheats or is abusive , then the other person has every right to leave that relationship . people need to feel like they can trust their partner , and if that is violated , it is not the victim s fault if they want to move forward with their life . while we do not know what caused lori s divorce , it was still a massive change in her life . she stopped taking care of herself and felt like she didn t know who she was anymore . her identity had been tied up with her marriage , and after it failed , she needed to discover who she was again . after months of wallowing , she was ready to make a fresh start . and as many people will , she decided to change the way she looked . with a fresh makeover , she hoped that she d get a second chance at life and be able to start again . eager for a new look , lori reached out to christopher hopkins . he was the perfect man for the job . dubbed the makeover guy , christopher owns a beauty salon in minneapolis and shares his transformational work on youtube under the popular channel that has more than 30 , 000 subscribers and counting . although every makeover christopher completes holds a special place in his heart , lori s was particularly special . she and he graduated from high school around the same time as each other and grew up in the same neighborhood . it was his way to give back to his community and help lori on her path to rediscovering the woman she wanted to be . i have to admit i had extra fun with lori because we graduated about the same year from nearby high schools in southwestern minnesota . i think this may be one of my favorites . amy zwievelhofer took lori s hair from blah brown to beautiful auburn , meticulous makeup by amy goulet or kami klevin i m not sure . and i did the cut which needed more length still . she said she d come back in 6 months , but i ve yet to see her hello lori the video caption reads . stylists like christopher are often confronted with a lot of negativity . their clients do not think they can be transformed . they come into the salon with a lack of trust and appreciation for christopher as an artist . but as he proceeds to prove with lori , and all the other makeovers on his youtube channel , he is a master of making people look their best . lori allows christopher to do everything he wants . she doesn t try to hold back his creativity . in the end , lori looks like a new woman . she is smiling . she looks bright . her hair looks much better . and she feels like she is ready to take a fresh start . watching the change is inspiring , especially since many people believe that they cannot change . check out the video below to see christopher give lori the gift of a second change . it is inspiring .
it s one thing to be kind to those who you know , but it s quite another to shower a complete stranger with kindness . when 18 - year - old luis xavier del rosario got off a bus in sydney , australia , he was greeted by an unbelievable heat . not far from the bus stop he saw a homeless man begging by the queen victoria building . it didn t take long for rosario to feel bad for him , especially considering the pavement he was standing on was scorching . i felt really bad for him , said rosario , who was impressed by the man s sign that had words of positivity . i saw his cardboard sign and his motto of smiling and staying positive , it really touched me . it all started when rosario bought the man some water and sat down with him . rosario , who is a south australian student , learned that the man s name was ian and he had been living on the streets for six years . he was instantly intrigued by him and inspired to help him so it was right then and there that he asked ian if he could help him change his life . he seemed skeptical at first but he quickly got up it s good that we were able to establish that level of trust , especially for complete strangers , said rosario . in those first few moments , rosario learned a lot about ian including the fact that the 52 - year - old man was afraid to die without being remembered . rosario started their journey together by getting ian a fresh shower , some new clothes , and a haircut at a barbershop so he could look presentable while hunting for a job . lacking proper education , ian had always struggled to find work that would help him survive . ian had grown up in a broken family and has been on his own since he was a child . he said he had been struggling for most of his life due to the lack of proper education , said rosario . he never mentioned what work he did before , but he told me he had no qualifications . for the first time in weeks , the man had eaten his first real meal thanks to rosario who took him out for pub chicken schnitzel .
nothing has the power to induce tears of joy as much as a military family reunion . because brave service men and women need to leave their families to fight for freedom and democracy around the world in the name of the united states of america , they inevitably leave behind loved ones . and these family members and friends must wait anxiously to hear from them via long - distant communication or their eventual homecoming . and although things are not as dangerous as they were a few years ago , service men and women are still at considerable risk . and sometimes they do not make it home safely . this is a tragedy . but a few days ago , a seven - year - old girl got the surprise of her life when her father came home from deployment and visited her at her school . during a school - wide assembly on tuesday at the okte elementary school in clifton park , new york , a little girl was suddenly pushed into the spotlight when little natalie plamondon s mother was invited to be a guest reader . and natalie stepped up to join her mother in reading hero dad to the assembly of students . my dad is an american soldier . my dad is my superhero , natalie read from the book aloud to her classmates . none of the children there knew that a huge surprise was awaiting natalie as soon as she finished the story . with the book finished , lt . col . jean - paul plamondon walked into the room and gave natalie the surprise of her life . as soon as she recognized her father , she darted across the room to jump into his arms . for nearly a year , plamondon has been in kuwait on deployment . although he has been able to communicate with them through video chat , he has not seen his daughter or his wife , valerie , in months . and because valerie knew her husband was soon returning , she worked with the school to make it a surprise for their daughter . i thought it was going to be january 31 st . i thought he was somebody else , but then when i realized it was daddy , i just wanted to run and hug him , natalie told a reporter with fox friends , ainsley earhardt . on the fox friends story , some people stated that they were offended how the homecoming came during school and interrupted class . robert racy quickly defended the military family s unique homecoming . an american kid welcoming home her dad , a u . s . soldier protecting our country so that she and her classmates can enjoy this great country in peace offends you you sound bitter and jealous , the reader says to the person who did not like how the homecoming disrupted the class . another person wrote how videos like this serve as reminders of the good work the people in the united states military do . they should post videos like this every single day to remind people that our protectors have families too . god bless them all . thank you for your service , and may god continue to bless you and yours , lt . col . jean - paul plamondon . watch the amazing homecoming below . what is your reaction to the clip
tokyo may be onto something with their new work for food policy . on a mission to combat hunger , mirai shokudo owner , ms . sekai kobayashi has implemented a new policy and it makes a whole lot of sense . if someone comes into her restaurant and can t afford a meal , she gives them an option to work for the food instead . if they choose the work , they will be assigned 50 minutes of restaurant chores including , serving dishes , clearing tables , and other tasks to keep the restaurant running . as the only employee at the restaurant , kobayashi welcomes the help in exchange for one of her dishes and so far , people are taking her up on her offer , as 500 guests have opted for the work for food exchange . several of those guests have been university students who appreciate the opportunity to save money . there are two ways to cash in on the work . you can either get a hot meal right on the spot after completing your work assignment or you can receive a free meal coupon that can be placed at the restaurant s entrance are for anyone to use . so essentially , so people are working for the sake of giving others a free meal . talk about a good way to pay it forward and battle the hunger epidemic . it all started two years ago when kobayashi opened the restaurant in the city s jinbocho district hoping to have a place where everyone was welcome and fits in . instead , we offer meals in return for 50 minutes of labor at the restaurant , said kobayashi . i use this system because i want to connect with hungry people who otherwise couldn t eat at restaurants because they don t have money . believe it or not , she has found her business to be profitable , and it does wonders for the community . through various methods , i ve also kept the business profitable , she said of her business , where the daily lunch special is priced at 900 yen ( 10 . 50 ) . evidently , kobayashi s education paid off . i dabbled in shop management as a university student . each year at the university s annual festival , i ran a dimly lit cafe stocked with books , said ms . kobayashi of her initial foray into the food and beverage ( f b ) trade . the cafe won first prize in the festival popularity contest in all four years when i was a student . i even opened cafes at other school festivals , she added . she has a broad background in jobs including her role working in restaurants and pubs in shinjuku s golden gai district in tokyo . after she graduated from school , a bar master who she worked with her gave her the advice of experiencing the outside world . after working for ibm japan as an engineer , she started working for a cooking recipe website called , cookpad . my colleagues really liked the lunches i made for them , said kobayashi , regarding the company s in - office kitchen . this led me to strongly consider opening my own restaurant . she admitted that her background has helped her get to where she is today , including her experience as an engineer . to manage my restaurant , i adopted an open - source model a system through which software design is made available for free to the public so that everyone can improve upon it . i posted the restaurant s business plan and finances on its website so i can collect input from the public on how to make improvements . this information is also available for those who want to open their own restaurants . sharing something with others means supporting those with ambition . that underpins my approach to work , she said .
the internet chronicle s editor - in - chief , raghubir goyal , explains that he is now forced to work on stories about insider trading from inside the Ussr , because lebal drocer intelligence freedom and internet liberty officials went into the chronicle s headquarters in cuthbert , ga . and destroyed hard drives containing copies of lebal drocer stationary outlining some of their misdeeds . agents for lebal drocer , inc . recently detained vic livingston , the gay internet boyfriend of chronicle staff writer frank mason who died mysteriously last year . livingston , who is also a real journalist , was detained for several hours and questioned insistently by agents of the corporation , who would not let him out of their sight , even to go to the bathroom . they made him go number two a coffee can . lebal drocer knew their stocks were plummeting , so they sold shares of their company to unsuspecting idiots for nearly a thousand times their estimated value . angstrom troubadour , chronicle . su financial analyst . lebal drocer , inc . has toughened their stance on internet freedom , citing the upswing in information terrorism as one reason for writing new legislation that would grant them unfathomable control over internet traffic all over the world . lebal drocer s control over matters of internet freedom and security is . . . unfathomable . . . frightening . dan brown , author per protocol , the new measures will be written by lebal drocer s litigation legion dream team of attorneys , and handed to indeterminate congresspersons who will then be paid to introduce the legislation in the house where other representatives will then be paid to vote for it . [ editor s note : surprisingly enough , this is how american politics really work ] features added to the new draconian internet security measures include the outlawing of copy and paste for its ability to inherently defy intellectual property law , and will forbid all usage of the domain extension . se , . sx and . su country - specific domain extensions used primarily by hackers and piracy advocates worldwide . in coordination with lebal drocer , inc . , welch s NatUral concord grape jelly spread have spearheaded anti - piracy measures after their recipe , sUgar , grape flavoriNg aNd preservative base , were distributed via bittorrent through audio , video , software and recipe piracy website the pirate bay , which is hosted on the illicit webservers that spam the internet with julian assange s propaganda known as wikileaks . president barack obama was overheard praising the efforts of lebal drocer , inc . who paid for him to take office in 2012 , narrowly defeating their darling candidate mitt romney , whose campaign was also financed and coordinated by lebal drocer , inc . this message is brought to you proudly by your big brother , lebal drocer , inc . there s a little touch of lebal drocer in every message you send .
( photo : facebook ) david allen turpin , 57 , and his wife louise anna turpin , 49 , are pictured here with their 13 children . homeschooling advocates are concerned about additional regulations after news of abuse from homeschooling parents in california . the massachusetts - based coalition for responsible home education , a nonprofit group that is actively advocating for homeschooling reform , says a lack of oversight for homeschools allows abuse , such at the recent case in perris , california , to go unchecked and is now calling for increased regulation of homeschools . pentecostal christian couple david allen turpin , 57 , and his 49 - year - old wife , louise anna turpin , were arrested on jan . 14 , after police had to rescue their 13 severely malnourished children from their home in perris , california . the home was registered as a homeschool . " the lack of oversight of home schools is what allows people to hide abuse , " kathryn brightbill , legislative policy analyst for the coalition told the press - enterprise . " we believe that the various states should introduce legislation to have annual contact with mandated reporters . " and a statement from the board of directors of the homeschool association of california said they anticipate new legislation is on the horizon . " we know that many homeschooling families are feeling nervous due to the recent abuse case which has been in the news , " the directors said . " we do suspect legislation may be forthcoming that might try to regulate private homeschoolers . we do not know what form that proposed legislation will take and it is a complicated endeavor that is likely to take some time . we assure you that hsc will have a hand in fighting or helping to define any bills that are proposed . " in an earlier statement , debbie schwarzer , the organization ' s legal team co - chair dismissed the idea of an annual inspection requirement for homeschooled children . " i ' ve seen articles that suggest that private homeschoolers should be required to present their children for an annual inspection by teachers and a doctor . it ' s an outrageous suggestion , one that amounts to suspecting all homeschooling parents of being unfit , of being capable of crimes against their children , " schwarzer wrote . " obviously the overwhelming majority of parents who choose to homeschool their children do so with the best interests of their children as their top priority . they should not be subjected to suspicion by the state and gross invasion of their privacy through unwarranted intrusion into their lives . the state and society should give them the same benefit of the doubt that all parents are given , of acting in their children ' s best interests until specific facts or circumstances suggest otherwise , " she added . data cited by the coalition for responsible home education argues there is very little accountability for homeschooling parents across the nation . some 11 states do not require parents to provide notice of homeschooling , 14 states do not require parents to provide instruction in any specific subject , 25 states do not require any form of academic assessments , parents in 39 states are not required to have a high school diploma , Ged , or other qualifications and 48 states have no protections for at - risk homeschooled children . " the current lack of accountability or oversight of homeschooling has negative consequences for thousands of homeschooled children . in some cases homeschooling serves to hide abuse , and in other cases parents shortchange their children educationally , " the organization said . according to the u . s . department of education , there were an estimated 1 . 8 million homeschooled students in the united states in 2012 . this number showed an increase from 850 , 000 in 1999 , when estimates were first reported . california law requires all children between 6 and 18 to be enrolled in public school unless their parents opt to make them attend a " full - time , private day school " or learn from a private tutor with a valid california teaching certificate , according to the press enterprise . anyone who homeschools at least six students , like the turpin family must file to form their own " private school . " the turpins registered their home as a private school named sandcastle day school whose only students were their children . authorities who rescued the christian couple ' s children said they had very little knowledge of the outside world and were poorly homeschooled . last thursday , david and louise turpin were charged with 12 criminal counts of torture , seven counts of abuse of a dependent adult , and 12 counts of false imprisonment that could keep them behind bars for life if they are convicted . david turpin also faces one count of committing a lewd act by force or fear . he and his wife have both pleaded not guilty and are now being held on bail of 13 million each .
rwandan dictator kagame appears to be pursuing his own agenda in congo by driving local people out and populating their land with newcomers .
rev lukata mjumbe an irvington , new jersey , minister and member of the coordinating committee of the black alliance for peace addressed a washington conference to forge greater collaboration between environmental and social justice activists . we stand on a tradition of those women and men of the environmental justice movement , and those who have fought for peace and against violence , said rev . mjumbe . i believe we can come up with answers that answer and solution that solve .
the subject of gavin mcinnes being fired from the news outlet he created because of a piece he wrote was brought to my attention today through justine tunney s article in defense of gavin mcinnes . as a transwoman myself , i completely identify with tunney s words , however unpopular they may be . not because i m transgendered , but simply because she s right . she speaks of freedom of expression and press , and as a journalist it frightens me that we can be torn from our own publication , have our families targeted and threatened with financial ruin by a mob of hysterical speech - hating cretins , simply for the words we write . the public forums with integrated up / down - voting mechanisms for discussion , such as reddit , showed a rise in the idea that you could lessen the value of speech with the press of a button , not because it was wrong or because you rebutted with a superior counter - argument , rather because you just don t like what you re reading . it s this mentality that has seeped into the minds of most people using the internet , and it s truly a testament to a willing erosion of our rights to express ourselves . when it becomes not about discussion , dialogue and diversity of opinion , but instead about censoring what we don t agree with ( along with trying to destroy the other persons life ) , we have truly lost our way . i was featured in an article in VicE about a trolling organization i was a part of , known as the rustle league . in the article i openly support the westboro baptist church , not because i agree with them , but because they are one of the final bastions of freedom of speech in america and i will defend , to my death , their right to protest as many fags as they want . i also received threats because of that article . before that , i was included on an australian television show about internet trolling , where i was portrayed as the devil incarnate as a crowd of onlookers passed judgement before the show had even begun , not for what i said or had said , but because it could be said . the following week , i did an interview as a companion piece to the airing of the television show and the amount of vitriol spewed toward me in the comment section far exceeded anything i have ever said or done , but god bless them for saying it . it s unfortunate the website had to close the comments section down because of the influx of troll - hating trolls being trolled into trolling , it made for quality trolling . my tenure on the internet spans from the mid - nineties to present and the amount of hatred directed towards me in a week is more than some people get in a lifetime . does it bother me no . why because we all have a right to our opinions . what does bother me , however , is how quickly people will be there to try to take that right away and most of all , how successful they are . love it or leave it , just don t delete it .
check these dank new products that are totally gonna save you from the pain of being alone . lebal drocer , inc . proudly presents our top 5 products of 2016 guaranteed to distract you from the pain of existence it s true jesus had to walk that lonesome valley , but jesus didn t have twitter on an enecrypted futurephone , either . these wonderful new products promise to destroy the thing inside you that hurts when you face the world : d google cardboard have you ever wanted to wear a smartphone on your face why not with google cardboard , you can see up close and personal the evolution of human fear through the new imminent fear app , which is still in beta but shows great promise in its ability to horrify even the most centered user . imminent fear takes you on a virtual tour through the dark thoughts lurking in the collective unconscious . is that the sound of a baby dying i didn t ask to be born . what s that guy doing suicide bomber isis is here and it s world war iii . you should have gotten a real job iphone watch app have you ever wanted an iphone watch , but you were afraid you wouldn t be able to find the right app on the apple appstore have no fear , consumers : the iphone watch app although the jokes are 12 months too late is still useful as ever just looking at it will make you feel like you deserve an apple watch on each wrist . coming soon : apple cring an apple watch for your cock tesla model s this sleek android phone comes with a fast electric car built around it . all your silicon valley friends will want one , but you signed up for it first . show off on reddit when the wooden crate is dropped off outside your mcmansion : tesla unboxing video : never before seen car drives itself into the future are you tired of gaudy door handles that poke out for anyone in the world to grab hold of the all - new tesla model s is capable of driving itself , and deciding who drives it users wishing to operate the vehicle must swipe their iphone 6 s plus across a point - of - sale located near the driver s window before gaining access to the futuristic car interior . no poorfags allowed the model s requires a minimum bank balance of 250 , 000 before starting the ignition . encrypted phones are your conversations about fingerfucking a mistress too important to leak to every snowden and manning with minimum - level access secure your nefarious activities for a limited time with the gatca enecrypted smartphone . this phone is so secure , it is constantly under threat of intrusion now you , too , can safely leak documents to the press about government wrongdoings , and cutting - edge aes 512 encryption buys you enough time to book a flight to hong kong , moscow , geneva wherever except not geneva . but act fast those helium - cooled nsa supercomputers are gonna come at ya bro when you re using this ego - inflating , delusions - of - grandeur - fueling smartphone . [ editor s note : you are nothing . ] vertical rocketry is that a flagging erection on your launchpad nope . it s a vertical rocket landing that has us shrieking like apes around a monolith . have you ever wanted to see a rocket reused , over and over again like some kind of cosmic dildo now is your chance . is it news is it a commercial who knows we successfully defunded nasa to the point where americans are happy to see anything go to space and come back . rally round the branson with a pocket full of shekels . the age of government tyranny over space has come to an end . with obama signing asteroid and moon mining rights over to whoever wants it , america sets a new standard of liberty across the world ; a nod to galileo , and a wink to reagan ; a neoliberal shot in the dark ; with one eye on the heavens , and the other on a bank account , humanity dares to venture to trillion - dollar asteroids full of shiny stuff that is not quite as abundant on earth , and mine it for sweet , economy - collapsing profit . get in on the ground floor , and invest your paltry savings into a sure thing . vertical rocketry is guaranteed to really get your dicks hard . this award - winning article is brought to you proudly by lebal drocer , inc . new futurism , for a better tomorrow
creepy is how it feels to walk through the mall of america especially in the christmas season , where most of the women there are covered from head to toe in islamic supremacist slave attire . maybe the mall should be renamed mall of mogadishu since all you see are somali muslims . no wonder more and more people are shopping online . and it was just a little of over a year ago when a somali muslim terrorist stabbed 10 people at the crossroads mall in st . cloud , minnesota , before being shot dead by police . gangs of somali muslims have been terrorizing minneapolis communities , threatening to kidnap and rape female residents . no wonder the state has been nicknamed minnesotastan . and who could forget the somali muslim cop in minneapolis who shot and killed an unarmed australian woman for no reason at all this happened in july and the killer cop is still on administrative leave and has not yet been charged . smells like a cover - up .
zahr k . said didn t think much about her inability to check in online for her flight home to seattle after an october business trip in beijing . she also didn t worry too much about being twice singled out for additional screening before boarding her flight and again at the u . s . customs and border protection checkpoint at seattle international airport . the intercept the university of washington law professor assumed the heightened security measures might have been linked to an annual weeklong communist conference in china . but when she had similar difficulties checking in for an october 26 flight to irvine , california , said realized it was more than just an anomaly . she was puzzled that , despite having global entry clearance , which allowed her expedited entry through airport security and customs , she had become a target for airport questioning and invasive pat - downs . three days later , said got an email from cbp notifying her that her global entry clearance had been revoked . said spoke to the enrollment office at the seattle airport , which told her that the revocation came from a higher office responsible for vetting procedures , she said . i live in seattle . i have children . i have two stepchildren . i have a husband . i teach yoga . said , 41 , told the intercept . it all makes me who i am and i feel all of those things evaporate in a second when tsa or cbp seem to make it about me having a yemeni father or being born in lebanon . but said is not alone . she is one of hundreds of travelers with a muslim , arab , or south asian background whose global entry clearances were revoked , in what lawyers and civil rights activists say is a de facto extension of the trump administration s muslim travel ban . as reported by bloomberg , the us customs and border protection revoked without any explanation or warning the memberships of some global entry and other trusted traveler programs members , including neXus , secure electronic network and free and secure trade . according to the american - arab anti - discrimination committee and the dozens of complaints it received , american citizens whose memberships were revoked didn t know about it until they tried to travel . some people who claimed that their memberships in the global entry and other trusted traveler programs were revoked were us citizens originally from countries that were not included in the ban , such as india , lebanon and pakistan . a spokesman for the american - arab anti - discrimination committee said that he was fairly certain that people were removed from the program ( s ) based on their names . global entry is one of four cbp trusted traveler programs that allow vetted u . s . citizens , lawful permanent residents , and nationals from nine countries expedited entry through airport security and customs . in order to obtain global entry clearance , applicants must provide biometric records and undergo interviews and background checks . days after president donald trump signed a hotly contested executive order restricting immigration from seven muslim - majority countries , about 30 muslim and arab travelers in the united states reported to adc that cbp revoked their global entry clearances , according to immigration attorneys andrew free and greg siskind , who filed a lawsuit on adc s behalf . what has happened , in practice , is that muslims who were once able by the virtue of global entry to escape the constant racial and ethnic profiling they faced when traveling have now been suddenly , and without explanation , denied that privilege , free told the intercept . the only thing they all have in common is that nothing has changed in their own personal situations , and , of course , the reality of their own identities .
in dearborn , a notorious muslim - dominant area of michigan , arab muslim attorney , majed moughni ( right ) , has dropped two lawsuits against the little caesars pizza chain after allegedly receiving threats on social media . moughni chose to drop the lawsuits after a man made threats against him and his 11 - year - old daughter on facebook and instagram . press and guide moughni had filed lawsuits against little caesars on behalf of michelle meade and her husband , mohamad bazzi , a dearborn couple who said the pizza chain had sold fake halal pizzas at its schaefer road location . in march 2017 , a muslim man named mohamad bazzi sued the company after he said his pizza contained pork even though it was advertised otherwise . bazzi said the pizza he ordered was labeled as halal , which means it meets islamic food consumption standards . he said he and his wife became sick after eating the pizza and realizing the pepperoni on the pizza was pork . halal pepperoni is advertised on the business front window ( below ) . daily caller bazzi s wife says she knew the pepperoni was pork because she is a convert to islam who grew up catholic . bazzi also has experience with pizza ingredients , he says , because he once worked at a pizza joint . in the second lawsuit , two muslim dearborn residents allege they were sold pork pepperoni pizza when they ordered halal pepperoni pizza . they are suing for more than 100 million and allege the number of people affected is in the thousands . completely rejected the plaintiff s claims . the manager of the dearborn pizza place , who was named in the lawsuit , claims he did nothing wrong and that the muslim customer actually asked for a pepperoni pizza with a halal sticker on the box . however , little caesars completely rejected the plaintiff s claims . the manager of the dearborn pizza place , who was named in the lawsuit , claims he did nothing wrong and that the muslim customer actually asked for a pepperoni pizza with a halal sticker on the box . the manager says bazzi ( below ) wanted a pepperoni pizza and the muslim told the employee to put the [ halal ] sticker on the box . based on the manager s claims , it appears that bazzi is straight up lying in an attempt to take advantage of the liberal outrage over islamophobia and enrich himself . what s more , bazzi waited three days after originally eating the pizza before he filed a police report and took action against the third largest pizza chain in the country . by waiting , he was hoping the employee would have forgotten the odd request . two little caesars pizza locations in dearborn had sold halal pepperoni pizza , but the stores on outer drive and schaefer road discontinued the menu item after moughni filed the bazzi s lawsuit in may . after the threats against moughni surfaced recently on social media , he submitted petitions to drop the suits . according to the detroit free press , a man sent moughni an instant message on facebook on oct . 26 that read : you better stop your lawsuit against little caesars you followed by an expletive and racial slur against arabs and blacks . moughni also provided screenshots to the newspaper of photos the man posted on twitter of moughni and his family members with the words : muslim lawyer who wants to sue littlecaesars for 100 , 000 , 000 and his wife s facebook , daughter goes to followed by the name of his daughter s school . the first of three lawsuits moughni brought against the pizza maker was thrown out in september .
graffiti on the city of clovis only muslim house of worship prompted swift community response monday and requests from police for public help in identifying a suspect . ( start with the mosque members ) the damage consisted of the message happy birthday jesus christ from a real christan [ sic ] in red on the building s south - facing wall , christan [ sic ] in red on a sign in the front lawn , and trump , twice on the east - facing front : once on the glass panes of the front door and again to the right of the entrance . mahamadu fuseini has overseen the mosque for about 10 years and said monday this was the first such incident he knows about . police said monday the incident could be considered a hate crime , but declined to say so definitively pending further investigation . it can be ( a hate crime ) , but it depends on what we learn , clovis police department capt . roman romero said monday . we all want to jump to hate crime but maybe this person is just the kind of human being that likes to divide a community . romero said the fact of the letter a being painted to resemble the common symbol for anarchy might have reflected an attempt to start a fight that doesn t need to exist .
twenty - three new bills have been introduced in 18 state legislatures this year to ban the practice of islamic law critics say the aim is to spread fear about muslims . anti - sharia legislation is spreading in state legislatures across the us , as donald trump s hostile stance towards muslims appears to be emboldening rightwing islamophobes critics of the islamization of america . the guardian in 2017 there were 23 new bills introduced in 18 states attempting to prohibit the practice of islamic religious law , or sharia , in us courts . the rash of new bills brings the total number of such legislative efforts since 2010 to 217 in 43 states , according to the haas institute at uc berkeley which monitors the anti - sharia movement . legal experts point out that the bills are superfluous , as the us constitution is the supreme law of the land and any foreign laws are subservient to it . sharia itself is less a set of laws than religious guidelines , one of which requires muslims to be law - abiding according to the rules of whichever country they find themselves . but elsadig elsheikh , director of the global justice program at the haas institute that carried out the research , said the purpose of the bills was to spread fear about muslims living in america and to portray them as untrustworthy and out of step with american values . even if these bills do not become law they help to subject muslims to surveillance and other forms of exclusion and discrimination , he said . ( good ) of the 23 bills introduced to state legislatures this year , only two became law in arkansas and texas . four new states joined the growing list of legislatures where anti - sharia legislation has been attempted : colorado , connecticut , north dakota and wisconsin . all but one of the bills were introduced by republicans . the exception was in idaho where a committee with an unknown party affiliation was behind the move . heidi beirich , an expert on anti - muslim hate groups at the ( widely discredited ) southern poverty law center , sees the rash of state bills as signs that the provocative language coming out of trump s circle is having an impact . at the state level , the number one push for anti - muslim activists is anti - sharia bills . it s a recurrent effort . called trump himselffor all muslims to be barred from entering the us when he was a presidential candidate , a sentiment that he has only barely tempered in his drive for a travel ban on several majority - muslim countries . several of the individuals he chose as key advisers also have a controversial track record . steve bannon , trump s former chief strategist in the white house , once wrote a film script that warned of the country turning into the islamic states of america . the former national security adviser michael flynn called islam a vicious cancer inside all muslims that has to be excised . charles turner , who is researching a doctoral thesis on anti - muslim legislation at the university of utah , said that the plethora of bills had been enabled by trump and his close team . this is an expression of rightwing republicanism that chimes with their populist base . the anti - sharia movement became a force in the us after 2010 in the wake of the furor over the plan to open a muslim community center in downtown manhattan led by pamela geller who dubbed it the ground zero mosque and said it was a beachhead for islamic supremacism . since 2010 a concerted network has been created pushing anti - sharia bills in state legislatures . an anti - muslim lawyer , david yerushalmi , gave a boost to the efforts by composing draft legislation called the american laws for american courts , alac , that has provided the template for at least 140 of the bills that have been introduced . most of the recent bills are careful not to refer overtly to sharia or islam , as to do so would be to expose the legislation to the scrutiny of federal courts on grounds of religious discrimination . instead , they talk of foreign laws being banned in us jurisdictions . none the less , they have the potential to wreak damage . nikiya natale , legal director of the dallas - fort worth chapter of ( designated terrorist group ) cair ( council on american - islamic relations ) , said that anti - muslim sentiment was growing in texas which this year passed its third anti - sharia law .
( not to Bni readers ) ( that was before obama started sending chartered flights to bring in thousands more somali muslims ) st . cloud hospital in st . cloud , minnesota , came out with its annual list of top 10 most popular baby names for 2017 , and no . 3 on the list of boys names was a bit of a surprise . . in fact , as recently as 2013 the hospital published a list of its top 20 most popular baby names , and mohamed was nowhere to be found .
omail yeshitela reminds us to hold up our political prisoners . nabil hasseim explains how activists must adjest to the censored and circumscribed net . david swanson explains how the us empire of a thousand plus military bases destabilizes the entire planet . kaseble musavili warns that the murderous us puppet armies of uganda and rwanda are active in congo again , where they have dispossessed and murdered millions to facilitate the extraction of that country ' s resources .
my sister - in - law , the artist , propped her last painting up , as high as she could reach
i promised myself that if i ever got to this point that if i ever sank so low i would record it , because the world deserves to know , lest we should forget : walmart is a hellish nightmare unfolding right in your own backyard . this is hatesec , reporting live from the bottomless pit of despair , far back at the deep end of american retail hell , situated in a small southern town in the appalachian mountains . first things first : forget everything you ever thought about the rural souls lost 20 years ago to fast food , diabetes and drug addiction . the new walmart is like nothing you ve ever seen before ; it has become an ideological disease sucking out the overripe , ooey - gooey insides of the already sad and lifeless generation x , and they re pulling it out through their fucking eyeballs forget everything you ever saw about people of walmart . if you found that piece of shit book in a barnes noble outside the mall one mile from home , then you didn t see walmart . the people are deformed , sickly and fat . which people the best compliment i can muster for my peers is , hey , your eyes don t look dead yet . what gives and they tell me , well , i guess i just hope that i ll get out of here . and this is normally where we would share a big , hearty gut laugh , if laughter sounded like a repressed sigh , followed by uproarious silence . it s pretty funny , though . i get to watch real , live human beings turn into animals . this is the kind of shit we watch documentaries for . there is a bovine quality to not only the customers about , but my coworkers , too . the younger , spry crowd , fueled either by youth or amphetamines , zip around around the obesity like pocked bees circling a hive , pretending to work . customers and fat , aging managers migrate slowly across the store , fanning out across their territories like the zerg overlord of starcraft . the managers wade smartly , while the customers follow the computer - generated maze designed to maximize profits by running them through a psychological gauntlet of shit they think they might need . there are no windows , no skylights , no clocks . like a casino , walmart is mazelike , timeless and the fluorescence maintains an overall vibe of perpetual night . of course , i sympathize with all these people here . i am not making fun of the despair ; however , if despair is funny to you , then you and i are reading the same article right now . there s a certain absurdity to the level of despair i see at walmart that literally fascinates me in new ways , every single day i go into work . for example , sometimes a wild eyed look overcomes my immediate supervisor s face . he lumbers around , eyes sharply focused on something , like a powerful lioness zeroing in on her kill [ trillions of lions ] matthew , pull some of them 32 - inch tVs and let s get em out on the floor . matthew , proud to receive orders ( to be on a mission ) , gets up from the dirty floor where he has been straightening a wall of cellphone cases , and heads to the back with purpose in his step , shoulders back . he wraps everything in spiderwrap , preventing theft , and fielding questions from consumers who are universally too lazy to read , and are unable to follow simple instructions . we all received a public education , i thought . where do they all come from i can only assume the absence of social programs is to blame for their destitution . paradoxically , what little social programs they seem to access have enabled a massive prescription drug addiction that profoundly hits rural communities across the Us in a way i don t commonly see in the cities . or , i don t know , maybe they re just fucking trash . ha imagine that : people , as trash . human garbage . because i don t have to imagine it , i see it . i live in it . i am just blowing around with the human waste right now . we operate right now on a skeleton crew of about four people in electronics . when a small crowd forms around me as i wait on hold with indian tech support , i address my customers as a single audience . okay , everybody , make note of who came first , second , and so on , and i ll get you in the order you arrived , because as you can see , i am the only person here . i often announce . and i figured out a funny line that usually wins over even the maddest adult babies in line , and it goes like this : and so the next time you see walmart in the new york times posting record profits , everyone remember this moment . now , if you just have a question , line up to the left . i do this every day . the customers say i should be store manager . my coworkers ask how i am so good with people . i don t know what to tell them . i don t care . i don t want to manage walmart . i want to save every dime that shithole gives me and leave when my time is up . i eat ramen because i don t want to work there . i am nice to people because walmart sucks and it s the only way to make it suck less . i have to be nice to people because the retarded joy my customers get from buying electronics is sometimes the only happiness i might see in a day . at least i don t share my coworkers irrational fears of management . i stand up for myself and my people . i have two really , really bad managers who tried to start shit with me and failed . one guy , i gave him three chances but i don t think he knew he used up two of them when he interrupted a conversation i was having with a man about printer cartridges . i did whatever it was he asked , and then found him again . i told him not to interrupt me while i am working , and to use his manners . he tried to race me to the manager s office , like a child , where i registered a formal complaint against him . another manager attacked me for being laid back , and for seeming unapproachable . she complained that i don t smile . i said , i do , but i won t smile at you . and i smiled at her , because it was such a funny thing to say to the bitch . i couldn t help myself . previously that day , i gave two customers my personal cellphone number and i m playing the blues with one of them tomorrow . an aging fellow who asked me to put minutes on his phone for him , and we started talking about music . i was so unapproachable he asked me to join him to play the blues together . it s a horrible place . it s such a really , horrible place and i guess he felt it , too . fuck me . i feel like i ve said pretty much all i can say about walmart except for one thing . remember last year s strike it looked like workers just wanted a little socialized fairness ; at least , that s how it looked from the outside , didn t it you remember that . well , here s what they really wanted . because obamacare had just kicked in last summer . walmart , instead of complying with the intention of the affordable care act to persuade the second - largest employer in the Usa ( behind only the military ) to offer affordable healthcare , doubled down on labor exploitation and shortened the work week to just 32 hours per person , or a paltry 1 , 100 per month after taxes . and , of course , no healthcare . so what were those workers in such an uproar over seems like they d want their healthcare and full - time jobs , right well they wanted their full - time jobs pretty bad , it seems , because that whole strike was not about getting healthcare and a living wage walmart was intentionally denying them , but the big bargain was , just let us work 40 hours again , and keep the healthcare . they needed the money that bad , and there is almost no place to work in areas where walmart is big . walmart is literally at the hub of my small town , as it is many others . could walmart , as a corporation , possibly have its worker base any better right where they want them the socialist feartrip ripping through the country even had me convinced walmart workers were fighting hard for healthcare , when in actuality they wanted walmart to use its power to resist federal law and deny them their own healthcare , just for a chance to work more at walmart , selling even more shit for them . if this sounds stupid or unlikely so far , i ve noticed something about walmart s computers . they re not very old , and came out after obamacare was a thing . on the scheduling software , i can see ( i already work 32 hours , by the way ) a link to take open shifts . these are currently denied by management right now , but all the elements are in place for the walmart strikers to eventually have their way and pick up any open slot that might open up based on computational analysis of shopping patterns and trends by the walmart ordering and scheduling algorithm , which automatically suggests a certain logistical deployment for the store , in three - week chunks , or cycles ; theoretically , in the absence of a store manager , the store could go into auto - pilot , guided only by a proprietary formula designed to maximize profits at the expense of whatever , human sanity . a peripheral cost . working at walmart feels like being at the center of a shitty wagon wheel , and it only drives through shit , and it s just throwing shit all over the spokes , and everyone is in a shitty mood about it , but no one gives a shit enough to do anything about it , and now we re all eating shit and we have shit for brains and a shit culture with shit people who shit all over everything so even the nice stuff that could have been nice is also shitty . walmart makes everything shitty . it hardens people . it turns compassionate people into dead - eyed zombies in a short matter of months . many of my coworkers are dead inside . 18 years . 14 years . 20 years as a retail drone without so much as an offer for promotion because they are too weird , too nice , too dumb , too smart , or too soft for the hardfaced leadership role as a deckhand to the helm of the hate ship . but hey , she s a - sinkin , boys . let s watch her go down not with sadness , but celebration . just too bad about the innocents . so don t feel bad for me . i m not innocent . i m worse than any good - natured , hard - working walmart employee . i m a lazy piece of shit who hates his body and hates himself , and his ideas and his thoughts , and if i die early , it ll make fucking sense and maybe even some people will be happy . so don t feel bad for me . the next time you walk into walmart and i know you will , but deny it all you like be kind to the sad , desperate souls all around you and realize someone definitely treated that person like less of a human being , just because they have to wear that huge , ugly gay blue vest with the words proud walmart associate on the tit . which is really a bit presumptuous for a shirt , don t you think what dreams once lay behind those dead eyes what hopes were dashed , so early on , that this is all there is . i m fine . walmart is fine if you get out , even if that is generally unlike how retail was originally conceptualized . you re stuck here forever fuck . they didn t deserve to die . no one deserves this previously unwritten layer of retail hell . but it s difficult to look at them and think like that . you wouldn t look directly at the sun , would you am i the crazy one for staring at it maybe i m wrong here , but working at walmart fucking sUcKs out loud . stay tuned for a walmart - themed hatestory by the internet s favorite kilgoar , who has watched me work at walmart , and heard and laughed at all my complaints . this expos is brought to you proudly by chronicle . su , your number one source for all things , fulfilling , and true .
it goes without saying at this point that the trump presidency is an incendiary one . the belligerent businessman turned political leader has marked his time in office by lashing out at essentially every interest imaginable , from the nuclear armed north korea to the nation s justice system . both of those cases have produced serious situations ; in the case of the first , trump is credibly accused of obstruction of justice for , among other offenses , firing fbi director james comey , and in the case of the second , the north koreans now claim to have the ability to strike the u . s . , having used trump s incendiary remarks about them as an excuse to continue with their weapons development . considering all of this , the stunning fact that the president is alleged to have had an affair with a porn star and paid her to keep quiet about it is hardly the only thing to worry about in the case of his administration . although rumors and reports about the matter had been publicized for some time , this january , the wall street journal published a new report about the hush money payment allegedly delivered to stormy daniels . now , daniels is capitalizing on her fifteen or more minutes of fame with the making america horny again tour . yes , really . she kicked off this string of club appearances with one in greenville , south carolina , on saturday night , where a women s march had taken place earlier in the day . reporters descended on the strip club where daniels made her appearance , including matt flegenheimer of the new york times , who chronicled his experiences in a report published sunday morning besides the posts he made to his twitter account late saturday and early sunday . according to flegenheimer , daniels avoided direct questions about her relationship with trump , but she did answer questions about what it s been like to be at the center of media attention since the wsj report came out . she apparently hadn t performed since last summer . speaking of her return , she commented : imagine coming back when you re the most insecure . it s the only time i ve ever gone onstage and was actually scared . asked what it had been like to be stormy daniels over the past week , she said that it been stressful and amusing . besides the normal strip club crowd , there were also people at the event like local pub owner suzanne coe , who wanted daniels to sign her copy of author michael wolff s incendiary chronicle of the trump administration , fire and fury . curiously , among other details that flegenheimer related was that at one point , he saw a member of the media relent and let a dancer take them to a back room . other reporters to chronicle their experiences at the event include buzzfeed s john stanton , who quipped on twitter : america , you re one fucked up joint . the president , for his part , has only commented on the issue through his lawyer michael cohen , who has unsurprisingly denied the whole thing . remember besides this alleged extramarital affair , which went on soon after melania had given birth to barron , trump is also credibly alleged to have mistreated numerous women , accusations he has denied . featured image via gabe ginsberg / getty images
a lot of research and study goes into the underwater ecosystems across the world . marine biologists are always conducting some form of excavation or data collection underwater so to understand more thoroughly what species of fish or life exist down there . one particular area of marine biology research is into the cave structures in the ocean . caves are usually pre - historic remnants of some undulation in the earth s crust that produced an air gap , which water then seamlessly flowed into . the unique thing about these caves is that get to see some of the stalactite rocks from thousands of years ago that have remained pretty much the same the entire time . another unique aspect to underwater caves is that some have emerged in such a way that pockets of air exist within them . water may be all around you but some of these research scientists have found caves with little reservoirs in them that allow humans to pop out of the water and breath . research conducted over the past twenties has been focused on finding the largest underwater caves on earth . recently , divers off the coast of mexico have found what they believe to be is the largest underwater cave yet discovered this one particular cave is full of mayan artifacts and prehistoric flora that has not been yet seen or documented by humans . the divers were part of the gran acuifero maya project that is focused on researching and preserving the various marine ecosystems in the yucatan peninsula . it is in this area that a number of cave systems exist from thousands of years ago and it was in these cave systems that divers were exploring to what kind of life is still in existence . the divers were conducting research near the beach town of tulum when they found this one massive cave . the cave system is known as the sac actun . during a regular overview expedition of the caves , the divers noticed an unexpected subaquatic tunnel that actually connected the 163 - mile long sac actun cave with a smaller cave close by the 52 - mile long dos ojos structure . after making this discovery the divers had to re - organize their understanding of the underwater system . they new classified the dos ojos system as part of the sac actun cave , which , as a result , became the largest cave in the world this is an effort of more than 20 years , to travel hundreds of kilometers of caves submerged in quintana roo mainly , of which i dedicated 14 years to explore this monstrous sac actun system ; now everyone s job is to keep it , said the lead explorer of the expedition robert schittner . the really fascinating part from an archaeological perspective was the discovery of mayan artifacts on the floor of the cave . various ceramics and human remains were there , as were many forms of extinct plant life . the discovery will make a big improvement to the knowledge we have of the mayan civilization , which lived for years in the yucatan peninsula but were all but wiped out by the spanish .
the patriotism for this country is evidently much stronger in some people than others . usually , we feel a rush of patriotism on independence day or during the olympics , when american athletes go out and compete against other nations . but to get the chance every once and a while to show our national pride is more of a treat than something par for the course ( after all , we do not have to sing the national anthem every morning like you do in some schools ) . one pilot went out of his way recently to show his support for the american cause . it all occurred when he realized that on his plane were the remains of a soldier who died overseas and his loving family , who had gone over to retrieve them . captain rodriguez began his flight preparations like it was any other day . as he was getting settled in the cockpit , a flight attendant came to him and said , we have an h . r . on this flight . for those who don t know , h . r . stands for human remains . rodriguez quickly asked if the body was from a fallen soldier which it was and if there was an escort for it . when he heard the family was scheduled to be on the plane , he asked for them to be able to board early and have them sent to the flight deck . the captain wanted to make sure he could provide anything the family might need . he shared his experiences of that day on facebook later on . here is the transcript : i just found out the family of the soldier we are carrying , is also on board , she said . she then proceeded to tell me that the father , mother , wife and 2 - year old daughter were escorting their son , husband , and father home . the family was upset because they were unable to see the container that the soldier was in before we left . we were on our way to a major hub at which the family was going to four hours for the connecting flight home to virginia . the father of the soldier told the flight attendant that knowing his son was below him in the cargo compartment and being unable to see him was too much for him and the family to bear . he had asked the flight attendant if there was anything that could be done to allow them to see him upon our arrival . the family wanted to be outside the cargo door to watch the soldier being taken off the airplane . the captain knew it was against protocol , but he also knew he had to do something . he called the dispatcher directly and asked if such a special occasion could be arranged for the family . just two hours before landing he got an answer : yes , a special escort team would come and bring the family to the cargo to see the case . the captain had the message from the dispatcher printed out and sent to the family and it more than made their day , it made their entire year . such a special show of gratitude and patriotism is rare but much appreciated
running a lemonade stand is a rite of passage for any enterprising young kid . and , as kids know , the secret to any good lemonade is balancing the sour lemons with the sweet sugar . a 9 - year - old girl s lemonade stand in ohio was frequented this past week by a sheriff s deputy who , perhaps inspired by the sweetness of the lemonade , gave the girl an even sweeter gift . the sheriff s deputy for lake county zach ropos was passing through painesville , ohio on patrol when he noticed gabrielle s classic lemonade stand . ropos said the moment struck immediately , i see a little girl come running up to my police car , and she hands me a glass , i hand her a few bucks . but ropos was also curious about what gabrielle was hoping to make money for , i asked her what she wanted to do with the money she said she d get an ipad , to help with school and play games . with such worthy reasons for wanting an ipad , and with an obviously strong work ethic , gabrielle impressed officer ropos . not wanting to ruin a potential surprise , he talked to gabrielle s mother and mentioned that he had an old ipad at home he might be able to give to gabrielle . officer ropos was then disappointed to find , when he got home , that his old ipad was beyond repair . i went home that night , fired up the ipad , but it just wasn t updated anymore nothing really worked on it , the officer said . not willing to give up so easily , ropos went back to gabrielle s stand the next day and asked how much she d managed to save . i talked to the little girl , gave her a speech about how courageous and admirable i think her efforts were to save up her money . i asked her how much she saved up and she said she only had a few dollars , ropos said . gabrielle confirmed that the lemonade stand business was not going great , but that was only due to her own kindness . when her mother s gas tank had run empty , gabrielle gave her mother some of her hard - earned lemonade money to help fill up on gas . as a result , she d only managed to save a few dollars toward the ipad . when she told me she gave the money to her mom that s when i almost started crying because of how great of a kid she really was , the officer said . after going to a local store and asking if they d chip in for a tablet for gabrielle with him , ropos showed up to surprise gabrielle and her mother . the sweetness of the moment , filmed by ropos co - worker , is almost too much . gabrielle can barely contain her excitement her lemonade stand had paid off . ropos was almost equally as touched , she just wouldn t stop hugging me seeing her face is how i remember christmas when i was 5 years old . she couldn t stop smiling . her smile was worth a million dollars . the 9 - year - old may not have made a million dollars at her lemonade stand but she still got her ipad . the responses to such a beautiful story were numerous , as readers shared their comments on the mad world news facebook page . one person wrote , outstanding compassion by this dedicated officer , more of these thoughtful stories should be circulated , well done . another commented , may god bless this officer for being so kind to this little girl . in a time when the news about police officers is often sour , it is nice to be reminded that there is always sweetness in there too .
landon is a man unlike the rest of us . after a traumatic car accident , landon was rescued by paramedics , plunged into a coma where he technically died three times , but came back to tell this tale . landon has been to heaven . as his mother drove home with his father in the passenger seat , in the summer of 1997 , landon was but a small child in the seat behind his mother . crossing an intersection , their car was hit by ambulance returning back to its station . julie , landon s mother , said she had no idea what was happening , i didn t see the ambulance coming , but i remembered him [ her husband ] yelling . that was the last thing i heard from him . landon s father died immediately but paramedics were able to stabilize julie . at this point , no one knew there was a kid in the backseat . they couldn t see his body because of the damage that was done to the driver s side of the car , julie said . eventually , landon s exposed show came to the attention of the paramedics who swiftly pulled his body from the wreckage and air - lifted him to a nearby hospital . lifeless and not breathing , landon s body was far from a hopeful sight . he died two times in that first day at the hospital , and the chances of his survival , even as a child unable to walk , talk , or eat , were minimal . julie s attitude was the following ; i was so desperate that that was okay . i would take that just to have him . he was all that i had . the funeral of landon s father and julie s husband only further reinforced this point . landon was all that julie had to live for . i was very disappointed . heartbroken , she said . and while i m sitting at the funeral , i m fussing at god . i don t understand why this happened . i don t understand why he didn t send angels to protect us , but in the very next breath i m praying as hard to him as i ve ever prayed in my life for landon to live . the immense trauma landon had suffered was concentrated on his head . still in a coma , he was hooked up to many machines that were trying desperately to keep him alive . time seemed to stand still as julie waited , and prayed . two weeks later , a miracle occurred . landon woke up from the coma and , on the hospital bed , opened his eyes to his mother . somehow he suffered no brain damage . julie was thrilled but now she had to break the news to landon about his father . she tentatively asked , do you know where your dad is at landon s reply would shock us all . yes i know where he s at . i saw him in heaven . landon s journey to heaven happened when he died for the third time in his coma . meeting jesus was a life - changing and life - giving experience . he says that jesus told me that i have to go back to earth and be a good christian and tell others about him . that s exactly what landon is doing now . landon s message to us is the following : i know i m doing it for jesus . i know that he s real , i know that angels are there . i know that there s a heaven . i m not doing it for someone i don t know or that i ve never seen . i ve seen jesus . i know he s there . he s asked me to do this and this is what i m doing . as inspiring as the miracle of landon s multiple deaths is , his mission in life should be just as inspiring to all of us .
the president and his team have long used the u . s . armed forces as a political football , so to speak , having claimed , for instance , that nfl football players choosing to take a knee during pre - game national anthems were disrespecting current and former members of the military , along with the country as a whole . those claims came in the face of the fact that service members don t fight for a piece of cloth ; they fight for , if we re talking about something other than the actual lives of the people of the united states , rights like the right to free speech . now , members of the trump administration are at it again . this time , the issue arose when vice president mike pence took a trip to the middle east . while there , he delivered a speech to american service members near the syrian border that quickly proved to be a political spectacle , with the vice president seemingly attempting to drum up opposition to the democrats while speaking to the troops . as we re all well aware of by now , the federal government has shut down due to senators inability to pass an appropriations bill before saturday dawned . the main point of contention between democrats and republicans was , and remains , the fate of the hundreds of thousands of young people protected by the deferred action for childhood arrivals , or daca , program , which the trump administration has moved to end . this provided the context for the vice president s remarks to some of our overseas troops on sunday . after some initial vague platitudes about how much he and trump support the military , pence commented : i m sure you re all aware of what s happening in washington , d . c . despite bipartisan support for a budget resolution , a minority in the senate has decided to play politics with military pay . but you deserve better . you and your families shouldn t have to worry for one minute about whether you re going to get paid as you serve in the uniform of the united states . that s not the point , pence . it s the republicans who are refusing to allow for protections for those provided for under daca to be extended in essentially any form , and it s the republicans repeated refusals that have made it so that the issue of funding important items like military pay and the future of daca are tied up with each other . if pence wants to be in line with reality , then he can t just pin responsibility for the government shutdown and subsequent stalled military pay on the democrats . ironically , it s a democratic u . s . senator claire mccaskill who proposed a bill that would provide for military pay until the government re - opens . it s a republican senate majority leader mitch mcconnell who shot that bill down , as the los angeles times reports . pence didn t mention any of that in his remarks to the troops , instead going on to insist that they re not going to reopen negotiations on illegal immigration until the federal government re - opens . numerous interests blasted the vice president for using his time with troops overseas to stage a political spectacle . conservative commentator bill kristol called the vice president s behavior a scene more appropriate to a banana republic . the vice president uses american troops abroad as political props and tweets : potus i and the american people are not GoinG to put up witH it . one assumes pence is merely indulging in vulgar tough - guy rhetoric . but in fact it is a scene more appropriate to a banana republic . < URL > bill kristol ( billkristol ) january 21 , 2018 journalist carl prine called pence s remarks the wrong message at the wrong forum . this was the wrong message at the wrong forum . troops might get used to being props and political footballs , but all administrations should preserve civil - military norms . pence knows better . i d say the same if a democrat did it . < URL > carl prine ( carlprinetweets ) january 21 , 2018 check out video of pence s remarks below . featured image via screenshot from the video
after muslims quietly buy up at least half the homes in a new joppatowne area housing complex , they tell the local townspeople that the community will be open to everyone , knowing full well that once half the complex is muslim only , nobody else will buy homes there . baltimore sun last spring , members of the silver spring - based majlis ansarullah Usa celebrated the groundbreaking of the ansar housing complex , according to photos and information the organization posted on the internet . they have since been removed . community angst has been sparked by information posted on the internet this summer that rivers run is being marketed as a community for muslim families . the complex is billed as a mini - peace village for ahmadi muslims , and members of the ahmadiyya muslim community who are 55 or older would get priority in purchasing houses , according to the majlis ansarullah Usa website . muslim community leader told a crowd of about 200 people tuesday night that the ansar housing complex being built in joppatowne will be open to anyone who wants to buy a house there , refuting concerns from residents and elected officials that it would be for muslims only . he said a community center is planned for the development , which will be used for social , educational and religious purposes . yes we plan to pray there , he said . we also plan to open it up to all of you so you can pray there as well . ( craP . he knows perfectly well that no one but muslims will be able to pray there . community center is just an islamic pseudonym for mosque ) a lawsuit was filed because the county is no longer issuing building permits , according to the complaint . the plaintiffs allege county officials and state legislators have engaged and continue to engage in a conspiracy to discriminate on the basis of religion in land use and housing in violation of federal and state law . motivated by and in direct response to anti - islamic sentiments expressed by certain public officials and certain members of the community , and without any lawful basis , harford county has refused to issue building permits to the plaintiffs , according to the suit . mustafa m . sidik , a joppa resident who identified himself as a muslim , said opposing a development because a particular religious group settles there isn t right . so , what i m saying is , if you guys have a problem with this being a muslim community you should take a long hard look on yourselves , he said .
what trump must do about north korea january 25 , 2018 efforts to prevent north korea from obtaining nuclear weapons has been a football game - one now leaving us with our backs up against our own goal line . we are at a critical point in deciding whether we will act or accept defeat . what we are failing to fully grasp , however , is where the real threat from a nuclear - armed pyongyang lies . ironically , it is not directly from north korea . despite signing an armistice ending the korean war in 1953 , pyongyang embarked upon an aggressive foreign policy , eventually moving the ball forward into the nuclear arms arena . meanwhile , our offense consisted of a series of laterals and punts as administration after administration left its successor to resolve the nuclear issue . president barack obama ' s failed policy toward pyongyang of " strategic patience " was of no help - a policy translated by the north to mean " go for it , " as evidenced by its tremendous gains during his presidency . with time running out on the game clock , president donald trump has two options . one is to take a knee in the end zone , accepting defeat , allowing pyongyang to achieve its nuclear goal . but doing so leaves us in the precarious position of having to rely on " a wing and a prayer " it will not use its nuclear arsenal against us or our allies . realistically , pyongyang would not do so . north korean leader kim jong - un sufficiently cherishes his own life not to initiate a nuclear first strike . he knows a retaliatory u . s . strike would end his family ' s dynasty . but that does not alleviate the problem . of equal value to kim is money . he recognizes a great financial reward can be made selling nuclear weapons . we must realize , therefore , allowing pyongyang to have nuclear weapons means accepting the fact such devices would make their way into the hands of enemies known and unknown . terrorist groups desiring such devices would seek to sneak one into the u . s . with the help of a well - paid drug cartel compromising our borders . much of iran ' s nuclear development program is linked to north korea ' s . iranian scientists have attended many of pyongyang ' s nuclear and missile tests . as the leading state sponsor of terrorism and as a deep pocket for the terrorist group hezbollah , which has close links with the mexican drug cartels , tehran has helped fund kim ' s nuclear program . the mullahs would see a nuclear device from kim as a gift from allah . thus , trump ' s first option leaves america at risk that , at some future date , we will be threatened by or become the victim of a nuclear attack . trying to locate such a device would be the equivalent of playing " where ' s waldo " with a nuclear bomb . therefore , the only option capable of stopping pyongyang is making clear trump will throw the long pass - a surgical military strike to quickly neutralize kim ' s ability to retaliate against us or our allies . while it will be costly , it is absolutely necessary . hopefully , just the immediate threat of the pass will suffice . this past week , observers were pleased to see north korea participate in talks with south korea , breathing a sigh of relief war has been averted . feeding into this perception is pyongyang ' s commitment to participate in the winter olympic games being hosted in the south next month . in a propaganda " puff " piece , the government - controlled north korean media even touts this as a step towards reunification . while hopeful critics look for the positive from these talks , reality suggests otherwise . undoubtedly , the chinese and russians have coached pyongyang to participate in the talks and the games . kim gives up relatively little by doing so , while making it appear he is taking a big step toward seeking peaceful resolution . the reality , however , is pyongyang has two objectives in mind : 1 ) seeking to establish a false sense it is open to negotiation on its nuclear program , which the u . s . demands must go ; and 2 ) seeking to play seoul against washington , knowing the former will likely veto the latter ' s call for military action . south koreans know they easily fall within range of north korean artillery . but they have known this for decades and refused to do anything about it . when president jimmy carter withdrew most u . s . forces from the south in 1977 , the u . s . gave seoul an action plan to protect itself . it included relocating important government ministries further south , constructing bunkers to protect citizens and acquiring a missile defense system . not only has little been done to prepare for this , much of the funding seoul could have used to achieve it was given pyongyang either in the form of aid or cash - the latter for north korea agreeing to hold two summit meetings in 2000 and 2007 that achieved nothing . the north koreans are experts at playing both the americans and the south koreans for fools . president bill clinton fell victim to this , believing he had achieved a framework agreement with the north in 1994 . however , the deal was only used by pyongyang to buy time to further advance its nuclear program , resulting in another u . s . lateral . so confident of a peaceful resolution with pyongyang was clinton , he opted to forego deployment of president ronald reagan ' s proven strategic defense initiative ( " star war " ) technology - which would have protected us today from north korean missiles . but he also acquiesced to a request pyongyang made in 2000 that dishonored our own navy . thirty - two years earlier , north korean patrol boats attacked and captured the uss pueblo - an intelligence ship operating in international waters - imprisoning her crew . the crew was released a year later , but the north still kept the ship as an illicit war trophy . clinton allowed the north to move the pueblo - which remains on the navy ' s active roles to this day - from wonsan harbor on its east coast , up the taedong river - a transit of 1 , 000 miles through international waters - unchallenged by our navy , for public display in pyongyang . the only reason the north entered talks last week with the south is to further its nuclear agenda . seoul , having done nothing for decades to defend itself against its northern bully , will encourage trump to take a knee in the end zone . hopefully , the president , realizing what now is at stake , will recognize time is of the essence to do otherwise . a version of this piece also appeared on < URL >
politics must reads what trump must do about north korea by Lt . coLonEL jamEs g . ZumwaLt , usmc ( rEt ) january 25 , 2018 with time running out on the game clock , president donald trump has two options . one is to take a knee in the end zone , accepting defeat , allowing pyongyang to achieve its nuclear goal . build star wars now by dr . pEtEr VincEnt prY january 25 , 2018 what would ronald reagan say if he were alive today and saw hawaii living in fear , panicked by the false alarm of a nuclear missile strike from north korea sunlight on africa , courtesy of trump by FrEd gEdrich january 25 , 2018 adisputed derogatory remark about the poor state of african countries attributed to president trump during a recent private oval office meeting between him and some members of the white house staff and congress sparked a global political , diplomatic and media firestorm . judicial watch sues for text messages of Fbi ' s strzok and page january 25 , 2018 the strzok - page text messages are potentially responsive to several pending judicial watch Foia lawsuits , but the Fbi has yet to produce any of the records , explain the missing records to the courts , or otherwise be forthcoming about these newly disclosed materials . why professing christ is becoming a ' hate crime ' in the west by raYmond ibrahim january 25 , 2018 indeed , and there is a reason for that : unlike islam which many western elite feel no ( direct ) connection to and thus no threat therefrom christianity is the faith of their forefathers ; it is ever present in their societies , judging them and they hate it for it . VidEo picks judge jeanine pirro : president trump should not sit down with mueller january 25 , 2018 u . s . ambassador to the united nations nikki haley spars with russian diplomat over syrian gas attacks january 24 , 2018 congressman jim jordan questions the " missing " Fbi text messages january 24 , 2018
enderly park is blistering under an unseasonable september heat , and frank byers saunters across tuckaseegee road to the rec center where he likes to play cards with his neighbors . he doesn t use the crosswalk , but in many ways he s earned
enderly park is blistering under an unseasonable september heat , and frank byers saunters across tuckaseegee road to the rec center where he likes to play cards with his neighbors . he doesn t use the crosswalk , but in many ways he s earned
20 . 00 hidden for 16 centuries , the nag hammadi library , the most prodigious collection of sacred gnostic texts , were discovered in the late 1940 s in chenoboskion , a remote hamlet in upper egypt . among them was the gospel according to thomas , which aroused international publicity and alerted the world to the significance of this archeological find , believed by many scholars to surpass the dead sea scrolls in importance . here is the original survey of the contents of these documents and their significance . jean doresse s narrative allows readers direct contact with an ancient form of christianity through the philosophical wealth of the texts ranging from gnostic revelations and christian apocrypha to hermetic literature . included is the original english translation of the gospel of thomas published in 1960 . 40 , 000 copies sold of earlier editions . sheds new light on the vanished world in which christianity was born . the author was in party that discovered these ancient coptic documents . softcover , 384 pages , 786 , 12 b w illustrations .
since donald j . trump proclaimed himself a stable genius , many in the media have openly mocked him , but now some of the world s leading psychologists and neurologists have uncovered some surprising characteristics of a stable genius that just may support the american president s claims after all . here are the top 5 signs you re secretly a stable genius 5 . you re great at naming things . an individual with superior intellect often possess incredible creativity , particularly when it comes to naming things . however according to leading research a true genius is someone who thinks entirely outside the box , such as naming things after something unexpected like their own last name , or calling their offspring after their own first name . also the repeated use of the same name in branding and marketing is also the sign of someone with a wide range of vocabulary . 4 . you always take others advice , regardless of what it is or who it s coming from . stable geniuses set themselves apart from your everyday run - of - the - mill geniuses by always being willing to take outside advice from anyone , regardless of the individual s personal beliefs or ulterior motives , especially when it comes to leaders of other superpowers . you re quick to see the value of a diverse range of opinions from neo - nazis to white supremacists to child molesters , but you re also the kind of stable genius who understands the value of agreeing with whoever spoke last and / or loudest . 3 . you have the ability to watch multiple televisions at the same time , and insist on doing so . another extensive report from cable channel fox news revealed that scientists are now convinced that watching multiple televisions or screens at the same time while absorbing all the relevant information is a sign of someone with superhuman cognitive abilities . as of yet , noted neurologists claim it is a skill only found in leaders of the free world and security camera watchmen . 2 . you only antagonize unstable foreign dictators . this one is very important , as antagonizing leaders of other world nations is nOt considered the hallmark of stable geniuses . however , by picking on an extremely unstable leader , preferably of some foreign nuclear power or other , you display a quiet confidence of your undoubted mental strength over other less ingenious , less dangerous leaders . in short , asserting your dominance over an unstable idiot is by far the best way to prove you are the opposite . 1 . you tweet about how much of a stable genius you are . yes it sounds obvious but scientists insist that the number one sign that you are a stable genius is to tweet about how much of a stable genius you are . this goes back to einstein s time , dr . rita bernstein , president of the american psychological association , explained . albert was known to run through the town at night around 3 am , screaming about how much of a genius he was , matched only by his finely balanced mental state . indeed , as the great stephen hawking famously once said , people who boast about their i . q . are geniuses . did you know the bsj is now on the internet please follow us on facebook and twitter , or support us on patreon
the government , as of sunday afternoon , remains shutdown , after senators were unable to reach an agreement to fund the government in time to keep it from closing due to lack of appropriations as saturday dawned . negotiations stalled over one main point the fate of the hundreds of thousands of undocumented immigrants who were brought to the u . s . as children and until the trump administration moved to end the program were protected by the deferred action for childhood arrivals , or daca program . a judge ruled that the trump administration must continue accepting daca protections renewal applications for the time being , although the program is still headed towards an ending date . if the program is allowed to expire , it could open the door to the mass deportations that trump promised during his rise to power , and democrats obviously aren t going to go along with that . democrats want to negotiate a plan to protect those whose security is threatened , thanks to the president moving to end daca , and some republicans want to go along with those negotiations , but members of leadership , including the president , aren t interested . south carolina republican u . s . senator lindsey graham is one of those republicans interested in negotiations with democrats , and he s furious that the president s advisers particularly the controversial stephen miller keep undercutting congressional plans for moving forward on plans to deal with the end of daca in a way that s optimal for all involved . on sunday , before going into a meeting of moderate senators , graham relayed his frustrations to reporters . reporter robert costa posted that graham suggested there s a possibility of a breakthrough soon , while at the same time making it clear that he can t stand that stephen miller is involved . reporter igor bobic posted a similar observation , writing : walking into moderates meeting , graham blasts wh staff , and calls out stephen miller by name , for undercutting president by pitching proposals he doesn t support . he offered a quote from graham about the matter , writing that he d spoken as follows : every time we have a proposal , it is only yanked back by staff members . as long as stephen miller is in charge of negotiating on immigration , we are going nowhere . miller , who has long been controversial , has actually already figured prominently in the debates surrounding the government shutdown . remember the recent meeting on immigration policy at the white house , where the president is reported to have referred to countries including haiti , el salvador , and some african nations as shithole countries that meeting which helped push the government towards a shutdown since nothing constructive came of it ended surprisingly poorly for the senators who were there , and there have been reports that stephen miller is part of the reason for that . the senators including lindsey graham had been in contact with the white house ahead of their trip to the premises to present a plan favoring immigrants from the places that the president eventually called shithole countries , and before they made it there , they got the impression that the president was on their side . then , however , advisers like stephen miller and his chief of staff , john kelly , got to him , and the president ended up effectively cursing out the senators . for now , few specifics of any currently under development plans are available for public consideration , and we have to wait and see when it will be that the nation s leaders can come up with something and get the government functioning again . featured image via chip somodevilla / getty images
media watch must reads build star wars now by dr . peter VIncEnt pry january 25 , 2018 what would ronald reagan say if he were alive today and saw hawaii living in fear , panicked by the false alarm of a nuclear missile strike from north korea former fianc e of amb . chris stevens killed in ' battle of benghazi ' , launches tv talkfest " tImE tO GEt rEal wIth lydIE dEnIEr " by jIm kOurI , cPP january 22 , 2018 while the face and name of lydie denier is known to many as a first - rate actress and stunning model , denier is practically being ignored by the u . s . news media because she was at one time the fianc e of ambassador chris stevens . yes , that chris stevens : hillary clinton ' s " friend " who was left to die in 2012 at a diplomatic mission in one of the world ' s most dangerous cities , benghazi , libya . VIdEO PIcks
subscribe to canada free press for free panic mode schumer offers to fully fund the wall , regrets it immediately , retracts offer last week , you may have heard rumblings of a last - minute deal . the hope was that we d all be able to avoid the not - at - all - phony horror of a government shutdown if both sides worked together . we don t know all the details of this supposed detente , but one thing did leak : chuck schumer had offered to fund the border wall in exchange for daca protections . now , i know what you re thinking . there s simply no way on earth you could trust democrats to uphold their end of that bargain . you re right , the offer was probably phony , or came with so many attached strings that construction would never come to pass . still , that was the word on the street . schumer was on board with the evil , racist , wall . as you heard in any one of a thousand panic - stricken news reports , the government ended up shutting down . last night , news broke that schumer s offer had been yanked off the table . from cnn : senate democratic leader chuck schumer withdrew funding for president donald trump s border in negotiations over immigration issues with the white house , according to a democratic aide . a staffer who works for schumer called the white house on monday and said the proposal , which schumer put on the table during a friday meeting with trump , was no longer operative , the aide said . trump invited schumer to the white house on friday over lunch to negotiate a deal for a funding bill , which was being held up over a fight for commitments to address the expiring deferred action for childhood arrivals program . schumer s people are trying to claim that this is nothing new . they say the offer was revoked saturday , not monday , and it was invalidated once it was clear that no deal would be reached . but is anyone really buying that of course not . i d be willing to bet that the actual course of events went like this : schumer makes the offer to fund the wall as reported . he planned to use this offer to look magnanimous and above - the - fray while simultaneously slinging mud at republicans . they were supposed to catch all sorts of hell from the shutdown , and schumer would be in the middle of it saying : hey , i offered to pay for the wall in exchange for daca , but these racist extremists hate hispanics so much that they didn t take the deal . unfortunately for schumer , the blame game didn t pan out . instead of republicans taking the heat , schumer ended up under the microscope . dems freaked out , and his planned spartacus - style crusade ended early . schumer caved and tossed dreamers under the bus . that , coupled with rumors that he was willing to fund the wall , enraged the very illegals he s sworn to protect . so , yesterday , his people made a big show out of having revoked the deal ( which had always been a non - starter anyway ) as a way of placating his angry base . it s not going to work . schumer is learning what we ve been saying all along . they ve tied their party too closely to an increasingly unpopular immigration movement . their base , at the party s urging , has moved further and further to the left on the issue , while moderates watch and wonder what the heck is going on . if hillary had been elected , the radical left wouldn t have been an issue , but they re now a party out of power and their most fervent members have been whipped into an army of frankenstein monsters . if they don t keep the mob happy , the mob will turn . . . .
north korea must reads what trump must do about north korea by Lt . CoLonEL jamEs g . ZumwaLt , usmC ( rEt ) january 25 , 2018 with time running out on the game clock , president donald trump has two options . one is to take a knee in the end zone , accepting defeat , allowing pyongyang to achieve its nuclear goal . build star wars now by dr . pEtEr VInCEnt prY january 25 , 2018 what would ronald reagan say if he were alive today and saw hawaii living in fear , panicked by the false alarm of a nuclear missile strike from north korea addressing a nuclear north korea by FrEd FLEItZ january 24 , 2018 do north korea s nuclear and missile programs represent deterrence to protect it from an attack by the u . s . , defensive weapons the world can live with , or are they an existential threat to south korea , japan and the united states that may require the use of u . s . military force to address VIdEo pICks
the subject of gavin mcinnes being fired from the news outlet he created because of a piece he wrote was brought to my attention today through justine tunney s article in defense of gavin mcinnes . as a transwoman myself , i completely identify with tunney s words , however unpopular they may be . not because i m transgendered , but simply because she s right . she speaks of freedom of expression and press , and as a journalist it frightens me that we can be torn from our own publication , have our families targeted and threatened with financial ruin by a mob of hysterical speech - hating cretins , simply for the words we write . the public forums with integrated up / down - voting mechanisms for discussion , such as reddit , showed a rise in the idea that you could lessen the value of speech with the press of a button , not because it was wrong or because you rebutted with a superior counter - argument , rather because you just don t like what you re reading . it s this mentality that has seeped into the minds of most people using the internet , and it s truly a testament to a willing erosion of our rights to express ourselves . when it becomes not about discussion , dialogue and diversity of opinion , but instead about censoring what we don t agree with ( along with trying to destroy the other persons life ) , we have truly lost our way . i was featured in an article in VicE about a trolling organization i was a part of , known as the rustle league . in the article i openly support the westboro baptist church , not because i agree with them , but because they are one of the final bastions of freedom of speech in america and i will defend , to my death , their right to protest as many fags as they want . i also received threats because of that article . before that , i was included on an australian television show about internet trolling , where i was portrayed as the devil incarnate as a crowd of onlookers passed judgement before the show had even begun , not for what i said or had said , but because it could be said . the following week , i did an interview as a companion piece to the airing of the television show and the amount of vitriol spewed toward me in the comment section far exceeded anything i have ever said or done , but god bless them for saying it . it s unfortunate the website had to close the comments section down because of the influx of troll - hating trolls being trolled into trolling , it made for quality trolling . my tenure on the internet spans from the mid - nineties to present and the amount of hatred directed towards me in a week is more than some people get in a lifetime . does it bother me no . why because we all have a right to our opinions . what does bother me , however , is how quickly people will be there to try to take that right away and most of all , how successful they are . love it or leave it , just don t delete it .
the suffering and abuse that someone who has been in a narcissistic relationship has gone through is very real . just because someone is not being attacked physically does not mean they are not being abused . sometimes you cannot see the scars abuse leaves and there is nothing wrong with getting yourself out of an abusive situation be it emotional or otherwise . below you will find a list of things i know many narcissistic abuse survivors want their abusers to know and understand . while most of these things will never actually be said , bringing them to life in this way is empowering to say the least . 6 things survivors of narcissistic abuse want their abusers to know : 1 . i do not belong to you . as someone who has been through narcissistic abuse , i know now that i do not belong to anyone but myself . i am not property . i am my own person and no one can take away the things that make me who i am on the inside . 2 . i have learned my lesson , and you were a mistake . i have learned my lesson , you were not meant for me and you were nothing but a con artist . my heart was never at home with you , you were just wasting my time . i have learned so much from overcoming my attachment for you . 3 . i am better for having overcome your abuse . i am a better person now than i was before . i have managed to overcome so much and in that find myself on a whole new level . nothing will hold me back any longer . i feel sorry for you because you will never know what it feels like to truly love someone and you don t deserve to know that feeling anyway . you will always go through life living in that cycle and i was able to break the cycle . i have accomplished everything you never could . 5 . you did not break me . let s get this one straight : you never broke me . you pushed me to my breaking point and somehow i was able to push back and overcome the abuse you put me through . you were never there in the ways i needed you to be and i managed to get through the bad points all the same . i am a strong woman . you have never deserved to have me in your life . you are not good enough for me . i deserve so much more than you could ever offer . once we accept these things and give power to them in their most authentic forms we can learn to understand how much stronger we truly are . our abusers are the ones missing out . we have managed to do so much and overcome far more than they ever will .
have you ever noticed those orbs lingering on old photos what do you think they are depending on who you ask you will get tons of different answers . while lots of people will say they are just dust particles or mere drops of moisture on the lens , i believe they are something more . they are spheres of energy . while most orbs will be white in color , they can be found in a variety of colors . these orbs are spirits from those passes and our guardians from above . these spirits are generally harmless and are only making themselves known in minuscule ways . capturing orbs in your photos should not be something that brings about fear , it should make you feel better knowing those guiding you on your path are always by your side . below you will find a list of meanings that go along with each different color orb you may see . clear or transparent orbs these are the most common and simply mean that a spirit is trying to make itself known . when this happens you may even become overwhelmed with a specific emotion . do not be alarmed , the spirit is just making sure you know it is there . purple orbs these orbs hold information . for those who do not know purple is a very spiritual color . when you see orbs of this color orb you need to really question things within . green orbs green orbs represent healing and are generally associated with love and kindness . if you see this color orb you are on the right track . the spirit world is letting you know there are good things to come . yellow orbs these orbs should signify that you need to be cautious in life . your angels are warning you of something to come . be very aware . white or silver orbs these orbs are very positive in energy . they are offering you protection from negative things in your life . if you notice these kinds of orbs you might want to stop and thank your spirit guides for what they are working towards doing for you . black orbs black orbs are a sign of danger . when you see these in photos you need to be cautious . the danger is much more imminent in this color . red orbs red or orangeish red orbs represent safety . if you see these colored orbs you are where you need to be . from these you can draw great strength . have you ever seen a spirit orb before and if so what color was the one you saw i see them quite frequently and mine are usually clear or white .
obama s the greatest criminal in history say trump and joe arpaio because he forged his birth certificate ( video )
chironomus crassicaudatus by victor mozqueda of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next chironomus crassicaudatus by victor mozqueda this is a male chironomus crassicaudatus . males are easily recognized by their plumose antennae . crassicaudatus means thick - tailed . chironomidae ( informally known as chironomids or nonbiting midges ) . victor mozqueda : photos source : < URL >
housing market supply and demand : just the facts headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next by dave kranzler , investment research dynamics : housing people are insane if they think housing isn t going to get crushed with rising rates . as you outline often , it s already happening in ( ny , den , etc . ) i live in la and most of my friends / coworkers are telling me how dumb i am to not jump in . i know to just stay quiet , but i think they are about to walk into a buzz saw ( again ) . email from a subscriber the national association of realtors reports that december existing home sales fell more than the nar led its wall street lap - dogs to believe they would decline . larry yun , the nar s market elf , has been blaming phlegmatic housing sales over the last two years on low inventory . there s only one problem with this assertion : it s not true based on historical data : the chart above is drawn from data that the fed , for some inexplicable reason , purged from its fred database . it illustrates the inverse relationship generally that exists between inventory and sales . the bigger factor driving the economics of the housing market right now is the deteriorating financial condition of any household that might want to buy a house . the fed and government have largely exhausted the population of would - be mortgagees that can make a 0 - 3 down payment on a conventional mortgage plus carry the monthly burden of servicing that mortgage . the tax advantage from deducting real estate taxes was stripped from the equation . i suspect the fed is getting worried about the housing market . the fed s Qe holdings rose 5 billion last week . the entire increase is attributable to an increase in mortgage holdings . not only is the fed not reducing its balance sheet , it felt compelled to inject capital into the mortgage market . one thing to keep in mind . a large percentage of homes purchased and financed with 0 - 3 down payment mortgages in the last couple of years are underwater . when a buyer puts almost nothing down on a mortgage - financed home , the transaction costs all - in are about 10 of the value of the home . these homes are underwater at closing . except in certain bubble areas , homes have not appreciated in value enough to make up for the amount that low down payment buyers are underwater when they closed . when the stock market eventually tanks , it will take home values down at least 30 - 40 , and possibly more . just like any market bubble , i believe the housing market is reaching the point of exhaustion . as households continue to get squeezed financially , there will be a lot of homes put on the market hoping for last year s price . as i ve mentioned before , when home prices are rising quickly , there s an oversupply of buyers . when home prices start to drop , the buyers disappear . when prices are rising continuously , it s very easy to sell a home . when prices begin to fall , it becomes difficult to sell a home . it s been very easy to sell a home for the last 5 + years . i believe it s going to start to become difficult to sell a home at current general price levels . the smartest sellers will price their home to move . this will begin the process of re - pricing the market lower , which in turn could trigger a flood of flipper homes to hit the market just like 2007 / 2008 . read more investmentresearchdynamics . com source : < URL >
the way back by natasha yankelevich of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next the way back by natasha yankelevich follow me on other socials : instagram flickr my website ph : natasha yankelevich md : yulia vrubel lothes : maitoshop shafranshop style : elena tash ann isma muah : julia sahatskaya flowers : svetlana petrushina rt : sergey shmakov natasha yankelevich : photos source : < URL >
obama s the greatest criminal in history say trump and joe arpaio because he forged his birth certificate ( video )
obama s the greatest criminal in history say trump and joe arpaio because he forged his birth certificate ( video )
when we look around us , our eyes are met with reality as we know it . we see our house , our career , our friends and family and the person that we have essentially become over time . we may be happy with this reality , or we may look upon our current state wishing we had made different decisions or gone in a different direction . when all is said and done , however , the fact is that it is reality and that is all that we have . or is it there are a number of well - known and respected scientists and brilliant minds that believe that there is more to reality than the linear belief that what is and always has been will continue to be in the future . rather than accepting that there is one path , one past that is behind us , they subscribe to the belief of multiple realities created through the decisions that we take when faced with a crossroad . as stephen hawking explains in the grand design , quantum physics tells us that no matter how thorough our observation of the present , the ( unobserved ) past , like the future , is indefinite and exists only as a spectrum of possibilities . the universe , according to quantum physics , has no single past , or history . in this book , he discusses a powerful theory about the possibility of a multiverse , in which each decision we make sets two separate versions of reality into existence . for example , if you were faced with the decision of pursuing your dream career in another country or staying at home to start a family with your partner , following this theory there would be two realities created from this one choice one in which you go and one in which you stay . interested image via imgur
the website from which you got to this page is protected by cloudflare . email addresses on that page have been hidden in order to keep them from being accessed by malicious bots . you must enable javascript in your browser in order to decode the e - mail address . if you have a website and are interested in protecting it in a similar way , you can sign up for cloudflare .
modern technology has brought us many things , including social media . and as social media has slowly but surely taken the world by storm , so too has it taken over our lives . from iconic moments in our lives to even the smallest of accomplishments like cooking dinner , it seems as though everyone is sharing everything . and while this may or may not be a good thing , one thing holds true : if you are an avid social media user , it s likely that you use it to mark every aspect of your life . with that being said , entering into a relationship could possibly be one of the major hallmarks of human life , other than marriage and having children , or starting a new career . because of this , in modern times , it seems that a couple isn t officially together until they have made the jump on facebook . psychology today refers to this as going facebook official , and while they provide many pros to going official , they also note a very dark side to this coin as well . according to the article , various studies have found that couples who share photos of themselves together were also happier . furthermore , those that disclosed their relationship status on facebook enjoyed stronger relationships . sadly , however , as the huffington post notes , facebook relationships are not always sunshine and rainbows . think about it : facebook is almost an archive of your entire life , including past loves , photos , questionable friends of the opposite sex and more . while some couples may be able to overlook this downside , it can create a very negative opportunity for jealousy , distrust , and misunderstanding . furthermore , in an abusive relationship ( verbal or physical ) social media can provide the abusive partner with ample opportunity to not only stalk but to cyber - abuse their partner . according to borrajo et al . ( 2015 ) , cyber dating abuse is defined by monitoring and surveillance of a romantic partner or ex - partner , posting humiliating photos and making rude of threatening comments . now , with facebook offering Gps features and location sharing , you can see exactly how easily it can be used by a controlling partner to manipulate their victim . and while social media doesn t seem to be going anywhere , if you have a partner who abuses this aspect of your lives , it may be time to send them packing . from time to time , we may all facebook stalk our partners , however , there is a fine line to be drawn for how we use this information . jealousy is a normal part of a relationship , however , cyber abuse is not with the world being full of potential partners , do not waste your time on someone who is an opportunist for control and manipulation featured image via the today show
taxes mUst reads family security matters added to splc ' s hate list by fsm natiOnal sEcURity tEam january 18 , 2018 we ask that you donate as never before to show the splc that its plan to destroy the constitutional rights of the american people and splc - targeted organizations is not only impotent , but dangerous . house bill disclosing past congressional sexual harassment claims has no sponsor in senate by mElaniE hUntER aRtER january 18 , 2018 . . . the measure requires disclosure within 30 calendar days of all settlement payments funded by taxpayers , the reason for the payment and the nature of the allegation , and the member of congress or congressional staffer implicated in the matter . itsyourmoney nottheirs by fRanK hill january 12 , 2018 you ' give ' your money to the government to take care of various things . the government does not ' create wealth ' and then give it to you . VidEO picKs
must reads december 15 , 2017 congress has proven to be a cesspool beyond the wildest dreams of our president and the millions of americans who put him in office believing the same : that washington simply had to be cleansed of its filth .
special counsel mUst reads family security matters added to splc ' s hate list by fsm natiOnal secUritY team january 18 , 2018 we ask that you donate as never before to show the splc that its plan to destroy the constitutional rights of the american people and splc - targeted organizations is not only impotent , but dangerous . time to end mueller ' s wild reign of malfeasance by sher ZieVe december 16 , 2017 since before president trump s election , what appears to be a very large cabal at the Us federal bureau of investigation has been active in the planning and implementation of its coup d tat against donald j . trump should he win the Us presidency . siGn the petitiOn : sen . Kirsten Gillibrand step dOwn nOw by fsm natiOnal secUritY team december 15 , 2017 congress has proven to be a cesspool beyond the wildest dreams of our president and the millions of americans who put him in office believing the same : that washington simply had to be cleansed of its filth . watergate was nothing compared to this by tOm mclaUGhlin december 12 , 2017 as of this writing , neither mueller nor anyone else has yet found evidence of trump / russia campaign collusion despite a year - and - a - half of investigations by mainstream media and congressional democrats . VideO picKs
wiretapping must reads judicial watch sues for text messages of fbi ' s strzok and page january 25 , 2018 the strzok - page text messages are potentially responsive to several pending judicial watch foia lawsuits , but the fbi has yet to produce any of the records , explain the missing records to the courts , or otherwise be forthcoming about these newly disclosed materials . time to end mueller ' s wild reign of malfeasance by sHer ZieVe december 16 , 2017 since before president trump s election , what appears to be a very large cabal at the Us federal bureau of investigation has been active in the planning and implementation of its coup d tat against donald j . trump should he win the Us presidency . VideO piCKs
enderly park is blistering under an unseasonable september heat , and frank byers saunters across tuckaseegee road to the rec center where he likes to play cards with his neighbors . he doesn t use the crosswalk , but in many ways he s earned
the federal government , as you re no doubt aware of by now , shut down last friday night . the house of representatives had passed a spending bill to keep the government open , but the senate could not come to an agreement in time , although they did hold a vote on a spending measure . the senate has still not come to an agreement as of sunday , although they should hold another vote soon . the differences between involved parties on how to best go forward didn t go away once the government shutdown , and now , there s been a perhaps surprising difference of opinion exposed between senate majority leader mitch mcconnell and the president himself . mcconnell and trump have found themselves at odds in the past , most notably over the fate of the gop s efforts to repeal the affordable care act . trump blamed the failure of those efforts on mcconnell in a series of tweets , with the two of them eventually trying to downplay their feud by holding a joint press conference . this time around , the two men differ in their opinions about employing the nuclear option as a way to move beyond the present budget stalemate that s prompted the government to shut down . early sunday , trump tweeted a message reading : great to see how hard republicans are fighting for our military and safety at the border . the dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked . if stalemate continues , republicans should go to 51 ( nuclear option ) and vote on real , long term budget , no c . r . s to begin with , no , democrats do not just want undocumented immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked . democrats wouldn t support past gop spending bills because they didn t include protections for the hundreds of thousands of young undocumented immigrants currently in the u . s . these people had been protected by the deferred action for childhood arrivals , or daca , program , but the trump administration has moved to end that program . there s a significant difference between democrats actual stance and what trump is asserting that their stance is . as for trump s proposal to use the nuclear option and make it so that only 51 votes are needed to pass a budget bill and not the present 60 , the senate has actually used such a tactic in the past , just not in the case of budget bills . early last year , the senate changed the rules so that trump supreme court nominee neil gorsuch could be confirmed with only 51 votes . this time around , however , senate majority leader mitch mcconnell is not on board with the idea to again change senate rules . reuters reports that , according to a spokesperson for the senator , the republican conference opposes changing the rules on legislation . it s not even a given that republicans would have the votes to pass spending legislation if they did change the rules , with a handful of republicans having voted with the democrats on the legislation that s already been proposed . a handful of democrats voted with the republicans , but not enough to put it over the edge . meanwhile , the trump white house has proven as unhelpful as the president s tweet suggests , with their major contribution so far to the negotiations being a statement calling democrats obstructionist losers . featured image via alex wong / getty images
the federal government remained shut down going into monday morning , with large numbers of federal employees having to go into work only to get the official notice of their furlough . senators were unable to reach a deal in time to keep the government from shutting down as saturday dawned , so now , large parts of the federal workforce have their acute futures in question . at the same time , important programs like the children s health insurance program , or chip , remain on shaky ground at best , with republicans having pushed off renewing funding for the program long enough to get it tied up in the present debates . republican leaders like vice president mike pence have touted the negative effects of the shutdown , such as the fact that it puts a stall on military pay . why , then , has the gop not yet moved for a deal with democrats to get the government re - opened the answer , according to the new york times , is in the form of two names john kelly and stephen miller . trump tapped kelly , who was at the time serving as secretary of homeland security , to be his chief of staff after the abrupt departure of rnc official reince priebus from the position . miller who has long been controversial has been a trump adviser for some time , having served alongside steve bannon . the times describes the situation with these two men as follows : [ t ] wice over the past two weeks , mr . trump has privately told lawmakers he is eager to strike a deal to extend legal status to the so - called dreamers , only to have his chief of staff , john f . kelly , and senior policy adviser , stephen miller , make clear afterward that such a compromise was not really in the offing unless it also included a host of stiffer immigration restrictions . it s the status of the dreamers that has occupied a central position in the fight over the future of government funding . the dreamers are those who are protected under the deferred action for childhood arrivals , or daca , program , which protects undocumented immigrants brought here as young children from deportation . trump has moved to end that program and possibly open the door to mass deportations , something the democrats can t let happen . publicly , trump has framed democrats wanting to protect dreamers as them supporting a massive influx of supposedly dangerous illegal immigrants . on twitter on sunday for instance , trump claimed on twitter that dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked . he has not , however , always kept up that stern about - face , and has seemed at times ready to make a deal . however , the president s willingness has come out of a seeming certain misunderstanding of the fundamentals of immigration policy , something that was put on display during a recent public meeting between the president and members of the senate . democratic senator dianne feinstein said during that meeting that she wanted a clean daca bill , and trump agreed until being reminded by gop majority leader kevin mccarthy that a clean daca bill is something without , essentially , any concessions from the democrats for the increased border security that republicans want . gop senator lindsay graham is among those who have bemoaned the influence of the president s staffers pulling him back from a deal at key times of uncertainty , communicating his frustrations with stephen miller s involvement in negotiations to reporters on sunday . for now , the question of when the government will re - open remains just that a question . the president , meanwhile , is continuing to rant on twitter about the whole thing . featured image via jabin botsford / the washington post via getty images
bananaman contributor profile more stories by story views now : last hour : last 24 hours : total : boss offers his staff tWO daYs off if they support calls to change the date of australia day ( boycott loud and clear melbourne ) of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . related stories
alabama declares flu outbreak emergency as vaccine failure becomes obvious to everyone tuesday , january 16 , 2018 by : isabelle z . tags : alabama , badhealth , badmedicine , flu outbreak , flu shots , flu vaccine , heavy metals , influenza , junk science , mercury , prevent flu , vaccine failure 0 VieWs image : alabama declares flu outbreak emergency as vaccine failure becomes obvious to everyone ( natural news ) a state public health emergency has been issued in alabama by governor kay ivey as a flu outbreak grips the state . schools are closing and hospitals are filling up as the flu vaccine proves to be a spectacular failure yet again this year . hospital emergency rooms and outpatient clinics are reporting a very high volume of patients . children s of alabama has issued a diversion protocol as they ve run out of beds , instead requesting that patients are diverted to a different pediatric hospital . in addition , they ve announced that they may transfer some of their patients to other hospitals to provide everyone with the best care possible . Uab hospital , meanwhile , is rescheduling elective , non - emergency surgeries because it is over capacity with flu patients . of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next alabama declares flu outbreak emergency as vaccine failure becomes obvious to everyone tuesday , january 16 , 2018 by : isabelle z . tags : alabama , badhealth , badmedicine , flu outbreak , flu shots , flu vaccine , heavy metals , influenza , junk science , mercury , prevent flu , vaccine failure 0 VieWs ( natural news ) a state public health emergency has been issued in alabama by governor kay ivey as a flu outbreak grips the state . schools are closing and hospitals are filling up as the flu vaccine proves to be a spectacular failure yet again this year . hospital emergency rooms and outpatient clinics are reporting a very high volume of patients . children s of alabama has issued a diversion protocol as they ve run out of beds , instead requesting that patients are diverted to a different pediatric hospital . in addition , they ve announced that they may transfer some of their patients to other hospitals to provide everyone with the best care possible . Uab hospital , meanwhile , is rescheduling elective , non - emergency surgeries because it is over capacity with flu patients . < URL >
expand collapse ( photo : baca ) a hindu mob burned a church and christian - owned businesses at jammu and kashmir , india , january 2018 . a mob led by apparent hindu nationalists burned down a church and shops belonging to christians in india ' s northern state of jammu and kashmir after the death of a woman , whom the mob believed was forcibly converted to christianity . a large group of hindus resorted to violence last week in the rajouri district bordering pakistan after a local man , rinku kumar , brought the body of his 25 - year - old wife , seema devi , for a christian burial , according to Ucan news . devi ' s family falsely claimed that their daughter was forced to convert to christianity by her husband and was murdered by him . according to the british asian christian association , one of devi ' s uncles told a local newspaper that " she could not have willingly quit her hindu faith . " but baca reported that devi had become a christian over two years ago , years after her husband converted to christianity . she became sick just days after their marriage but was healed during a church service , baca said . two years later , however , the illness returned and she died on jan . 15 . when kumar brought her body from punjab state to jammu and kashmir to be buried , news of the burial spread and incited violence . hindu fanatics from extremist group bajran dal and a mob of over 300 people sought revenge the next day by smashing sehal christ church and setting it on fire . christians attending the church for prayer were beaten , with 12 seriously injured . businesses that were owned by christians were also damaged . moreover , the mob exhumed the body of devi and burned it , as part of a hindu ritual , baca reported . devi ' s uncle , joginder singh , told Ucanews that they were not aware devi ' s husband was a christian and that they found out about it last month " when she told us over the phone that her husband took her to christmas prayers at a church in punjab . he must have coerced her to convert to christianity . " kumar was severely beaten and arrested , along with seven other christians , by local police . none of the hindus involved in the mob violence were arrested . william masih , a local christian , told baca that during the violence , local police just stood by and watched and that christians , who are already marginalized , have become more fearful . state lawmaker sheikh abdul rasheed has called for the arrest of the people who burned down christian property , and decried the persecution of minorities across the country . according to baca , the pastor of the church that was burned down has gone into hiding and christians from that church are being forcibly reconverted back to hinduism . wilson chowdhry , chairman of the british asian christian association , said in a statement , " this attack on innocent christians highlights the increasing hatred towards non - hindus in an india that has become increasingly polarized under the narendra modi regime . " attacks on christians are increasing with intensity and frequency and rarely result in convictions for the perpetrators . " while few incidents of christian persecution are reported from the state of jammu and kashmir , the incidence of attacks on christians is alarmingly high in several other parts of the country . false allegations on christians are also common across the country . christian persecution has steeply risen since the hindu rightwing bharatiya janata party won the general election in 2014 . the first quarter of 2017 saw 248 incidents of persecution , and by the end of june , the number grew to 410 , compared to a total of 441 incidents reported in all of 2016 , a recent report by open doors revealed . " when the christians are beaten by the extremists , they receive injuries mostly on their heads or their vital body parts , " a local partner of open doors said in the report . " the assaulters do not care if the person dies in the attack . they know that they will not be punished because the government ( and hence the judiciary ) will take their side . in most of the cases the assaulters go unpunished . " the governing party in india is connected with a hindu nationalist organization , rashtriya swayamsevak sangh , whose founder , m . s . golwalkar , has said : " the non - hindu people in hindustan ( referring to india ) must either adopt the hindu culture and language , must learn to respect and revere hindu religion , must entertain no idea but the glorification of the hindu religion , that is they must not only give up their attitude of intolerance and ingratitude toward this land and its age - long tradition but must also cultivate the positive attitude of love and devotion instead ; in one word they must cease to be foreigners or may stay in the country wholly subordinated to the hindu nation claiming nothing , deserving no privileges , far less any preferential treatment not even citizen ' s rights . "
( photo : rocket republic , courtesy of erlc ) richard stearns , president of world vision , addresses the evangelicals for life conference at jw marriott in washington , d . c . on january 19 , 2018 . washiNgtON the president of a christian humanitarian relief organizations is urging christians embrace a pro - life ethic that includes refugees , the elderly , and immigrants in addition to the unborn . and followers of jesus must be especially watchful that american national identity does not trump their identity in christ , he says . at evangelicals for life 2018 held at the jw marriott hotel last week , world vision president richard stearns sat down with the christian post for an interview about the importance of valuing life at every stage , a recurring theme throughout the two - day conference that coincided with the march for life , the largest annual pro - life gathering in the nation . " some of the same people that value the unborn as precious lives don ' t want refugees to seek asylum in our country or may want to build a wall to keep out immigrants that might come across illegally , " stearns lamented . people tend to put different price tags on different lives and all of us tend to look at the world with our own filters and lenses and values systems , he continued . and although the phrase " consistently pro - life " has become clich " you can ' t just value the unborn , you have to value the elderly , you have to value the immigrant , you have to value the disabled , you have to value people you don ' t agree with , people of other religions , " he said . " the most powerful witness christians have for the truth of the gospel is unconditional love , especially for the least of these , the widow , the orphan , the stranger . " when christians love the unlovable unconditionally and sacrificially , " the world steps back and takes notice and says ' wow , who are these people how do we explain their unconditional love they are doing things that we would never expect them to do and they value life . ' " stearns further expressed concern the current political climate , urging christians to resist the temptation to pledge unquestioning allegiance to a particular party or movement . " here ' s what i think is happening in our culture , our identity as americans , our national identity , is trumping our religious identity , " he said . " but our identity in christ should be at the very , very top of our value system and it should inform everything else . " " god does not put a price tag on americans and say they are worth more than syrians . we ' re the ones that are doing that . we are the ones that are playing with the price tags . and i think we have mixed up our national identity and our politics with our faith to a point where some can no longer tell the difference between all of those domains in their life . " the world vision president noted that lately he has taken to saying that far too often people , whether their views lean to the right or left , spend too much time considering what is politically correct when they ought to be concerned about being biblically correct . " if we ' re biblically correct about refugees we would see god loves those refugees . these are people in desperate situations , that have lost loved ones , have fled their homes , that have nothing . these are the people jesus talked about when he spoke ' for i was hungry and you gave me something to eat , i was thirsty and you gave me something to drink , " stearns said , citing matthew 25 : 35 . " we should have no other response but to say , ' how can we help these people ' " while it is important for christians to be politically engaged , whenever the church gets consumed with politics it sullies the church , not the politicians , stearns said . earlier this month it was announced that stearns will be retiring , having been the longest serving leader at world vision in the organization ' s history . cp asked him what he is most proud of and heartened by during his tenure . " most of our constituents , our child sponsors , are surprised to hear that in the last 25 years more people have been lifted out of extreme poverty than at any time in history , " he recounted . an estimated 2 . 8 billion lacked access to clean water in 1990 and today it ' s less than 700 million , he noted . likewise , maternal mortality in childbirth has been halved , world hunger has been reduced , adult literacy has climbed substantially . " the world is changing in profound ways for the better and almost every indicator of poverty is going in the right direction . " and these encouraging developments in the past few decades are bigger than putting a man on the moon and ought to be celebrated much more , he said .
( screenshot : youtube / alliance defending freedom ) carl and angel larsen , the couple who owns the minnesota - based telescope media group . in dec . 2016 , the larsens filed suit against a state law that would compel them to film same - sex wedding ceremonies despite their religious objections . a christian couple who were told by minnesota officials that they must film same - sex weddings despite their religious objections have appealed to the eighth circuit court of appeals . carl and angel larsen of telescope media group appealed a lower court decision from last year which said they had to film same - sex weddings or face legal penalties . alliance defending freedom , a conservative law firm representing the larsens , filed an opening brief last friday arguing that minnesota law violates the couple ' s constitutional rights . " the larsens serve all people . they just cannot convey all messages . because of their religious beliefs , they cannot celebrate any vision of marriage other than one between one man and one woman , " read the brief . expand collapse " at the same time , the larsens ' faith requires them to use their talents to express messages that honor god . they want to do this by producing wedding films , publishing them online , and posting a statement explaining their religious views . but these plans are on hold because minnesota will punish them if they post their statement or create wedding films consistent with their faith while declining to create wedding films promoting contrary views . " adf senior counsel jeremy tedesco said in a statement released monday that the state " shouldn ' t threaten artists with fines and jail simply for living in accordance with their beliefs in the artistic marketplace . " " americans should have the freedom to disagree on significant matters of conscience , which is why everyone , regardless of their view of marriage , should support the larsens , " added tedesco . " government is supposed to be freedom ' s greatest protector , not its greatest threat . that ' s why we are asking the 8 th circuit to reverse the district court ' s decision . " in december 2016 , the larsens filed suit against the minnesota human rights act ' s ban on sexual orientation discrimination , stating that the measure would force them to film same - sex weddings . u . s . district court judge john tunheim ruled against the larsens last september , arguing , among other things , that the law is " neutral " in its application and does not force businesses to convey a government message . judge tunheim also concluded that while the law " does incidentally require wedding videographers to make videos they might not want to make , " these concerns are " immaterial . " " first , speech - for - hire is commonly understood to reflect the views of the customer , " wrote tunheim . " thus , when a person views a wedding video , there is little danger that they would naturally attribute the video ' s messages to the videographer . " " second , the larsens can easily disclaim personal sponsorship of the messages depicted in the wedding videos they create for clients . for example , the larsens could post language on their website stating that while they follow applicable law , and thus serve couples regardless of protected status , they are opposed to same - sex marriage . "
( photo : facebook ) robert and cindy litzinger . a mother of two has filed a lawsuit against former church for life pastor robert litzinger and his wife cindy , alleging sexual battery , assault and harassment stemming from a slew of incidents , including teaching young women how to masturbate and orgasm in preparation for their husbands in pre - marriage classes . robert litzinger , explains the santa maria times , stepped down from the helm of the california church in june 2016 after complaints were made to church personnel about opinions he allegedly shared on viewing pornography in one of his pre - marital classes . the lawsuit filed by a jane doe in her 30 s alleges that litzinger ' s wife , cindy , knowingly co - conspired in the misconduct from 2014 - 16 . shortly after litzinger stepped down , the mother learned that she was not the only victim of the unwanted advances and more than a dozen women had similar stories to share . doe charged in the lawsuit that litzinger exploited his position as lead pastor to " cultivate an atmosphere within church for life , through which he could satisfy his sexual fetishes . " in pre - marital classes , she alleged that the pastor would try and " prepare the young women for their husbands and their wedding night , " advising the women on how to masturbate , have an orgasm and explore their bodies , in order to be " prepared and willing to do whatever their husbands wanted . " he would also share photos with doe of himself and cindy , covered in bed , with a note saying " just had a great session " and urged her to be similarly open with him about her sex life . he reportedly badgered her until she complied with his request . litzinger and his wife appear very open about their love for each other in a video posted to youtube . " my wife , my lover and we get to sleep together and all that kind of stuff , " the ex - pastor says as he introduces his wife at a church event . " thanks babe , " cindy replies in the video as robert kisses her before the congregation . " i love you . i love you , " she says as he walks off stage . " we slept great together last night too , just in case you were wondering , " she then tells the church . " we did great , we actually slept . " the lawsuit claims cindy facilitated her husband ' s sexual conduct and the church allegedly took no action against them prior to their departure in 2016 . doe charged that she was invited to a prayer group at the couple ' s home once and the pastor groped her breasts and genitals . when she complained to cindy , the groping was dismissed as an " innocent mistake . " cindy ' s attorneys denied allegations that she aided and abetted robert ' s alleged sexual conduct and insisted doe ' s allegation of groping was " an innocent mistake . " doe said when she eventually complained to other pastors at the church but " those complaints fell on deaf ears , " the lawsuit said , and she was directed to speak with litzinger about her concerns directly .
( screenshot : gateway church the rev . franklin graham speaks at the first conference at gateway church in south lake , texas , january 1 , 2017 . evangelist franklin graham is being criticized for defending president donald trump after accusations surfaced that a lawyer for trump had paid 130 , 000 to a porn star to keep quiet about an alleged affair . " i ' m afraid i have to stop recommending samaritan ' s purse . the judgment of its leadership raises too many questions , " wrote radio host and editor of resurgent erick erickson , on twitter , responding to graham ' s recent interview with msnbc . graham is the president and ceo of samaritan ' s purse as well as the billy graham evangelistic association . " does the president have a sin problem " msnbc " live " anchor alex witt asked graham , referring to the alleged affair with porn star stormy daniels . " he is not president perfect , " graham told witt . " president trump i don ' t think has admitted to having an affair with this person . and so this is just a news story , and i don ' t even know if it ' s accurate . " graham added that he believes " at 70 years of age , the president is a much different person today than he was four years ago , five years ago , 10 years ago , or whatever and we just have to give the man the benefit of the doubt . " peter wehner , a senior fellow at the ethics and public policy center think tank , wrote : " watching franklin graham do all he can to yet again shield trump from criticism , after having done the same thing on behalf of roy moore , is painful , discouraging and corrosive to the christian witness . the best you can say is he ' s blind to the damage . " moore , an unsuccessful alabama senate candidate , was also recently accused of sexual misconduct . the rev . dr . william barber , an author and president and senior lecturer of repairers of the breach , tweeted , " brother franklin_graham , we do have a sin problem . our politicians are like ravenous wolves . and preachers like you are covering for them . " o . alan noble , managing editor and co - founder of christ and pop culture and an assistant professor of english at oklahoma baptist university , said it is often claimed that evangelical " elites " opposed trump while lay evangelicals backed him . " but this depends entirely on how you define ' elite . ' virtually every single major evangelical figure in the national political space backed trump , like graham , " he wrote . journalist and columnist roland martin tweeted , " want to see why white conservative evangelicals have sold their soul to realdonaldtrump , just listen to franklin_graham . my man frank_schaeffer has been exposing these sometimey christians for a long time . " earlier this month , the wall street journal reported that a lawyer for trump had paid 130 , 000 in hush money to stormy daniels . daniels , whose given name is stephanie clifford , has claimed to multiple publications that she had sex with trump around the time that his wife melania had given birth to their son , barron . according to the story , daniels and trump began their affair in july 2006 at the american century celebrity golf tournament in which trump invited the porn star into his hotel room and they had what she later described as " textbook generic " sex . on msnbc , graham was also asked about his support for a president who was recently accused of referring to haiti , el salvador and african nations as " s * * * hole countries . " graham said he doesn ' t think it ' s hypocritical . " he said he didn ' t say it , so i have to go along with the president in that he didn ' t say it , " graham said . " why are we having all these people from s * * * hole countries come here " trump allegedly asked during a recent meeting at the oval office in the white house with several republicans and democrats during immigration negotiations , according to the washington post , which also reported that the president said he would prefer people from countries like norway to come to america instead .
christians said they saw a " sign from god " following a firebombing attack by muslim militants on an evangelical church in kyrgyzstan . the flames burned through much of the interior but stopped at the open bible on the altar . " this is an amazing sign , " said a man identified only as paul , from operation mark , a partner of release international in kyrgyzstan . " this happened once before when communists set fire to a pentecostal church during the night . the bible and that building survived too , and there is no doubt the church in kyrgyzstan will survive and continue to preach the gospel . " read more here : < URL >
road rage has become pandemic . people fighting , shooting even killing over such trivial things as lane access and speed limits , merging and parking . social scientists are full of theories as to its rise : an increasingly polarized culture , racism , the availability of guns . the more obvious answer , to my thinking , is the simple loss of civility . but a very particular loss . road rage is the elevation of something that is , in fact , trivial to the level of enormity . you drive slow , i become enraged . you take " my " parking spot , it ' s a fight . you cut me off , i pull out a gun . read more here : < URL >
egyptian - german scholar dr . hamed abdel - samed ( driven out of germany because of threats on his life by muslims ) says that the copts and yazidis do not become terrorists despite their oppression . terrorism is caused by an ideology that stems from the textual roots of your religion not from the interpretation of these texts , but from [ ]
new california policy : illegal immigrants voting january 24 , 2018 watch the latest video at < a href = " < URL > " mce_href = " < URL > " > foxnews . com < / a > under a new state law , people will be registered to vote automatically when they obtain or renew their driver ' s license , regardless of whether they are u . s . citizens ; a debate on ' the ingraham angle . '
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
fox news personality todd starnes attributed donald trump s election to divine intervention aided by prayer rallies led by evangelist franklin graham in an american pastor s network radio interview feb . 9 . starnes , a fox news personality for more than a decade who early in his career wrote for the southern baptist convention news service baptist press , said that he interviewed the head of both the billy graham evangelistic association and samaritan s purse for his new book the deplorables guide to making america great again on thursday s installment of stand in the gap today . he told me we were at a moral tipping point , and i m not sure if people understand what was literally at stake and how close we were to losing the country , to losing the culture , if hillary clinton had won , said starnes , whose previous books include god less america published in 2014 . losing the supreme court , not just for an election cycle but for generations , that s how much was at stake here . starnes said he believes graham s message resonated with christians across the country as the evangelist shared it with an estimated 230 , 000 people during his decision america tour urging voters to pray , vote and engage in the political process during the summer and fall . i would not discount the power of what franklin graham did , said starnes , recognized by pollster george barna as one of the top 10 media influencers for conservative evangelicals in the 2016 presidential election . he did not endorse , but what he did do in 2016 was stage massive prayer gatherings at every single state capital in the country , starnes said . i believe that we experienced divine intervention last november . i believe that god was giving us a second chance . we ve been given a second chance , and christians , we ve got to stand up and we ve got to get it right . graham , son of 98 - year - old retired evangelist billy graham , said in december he didn t believe it was the russians who intervened in trump s election but god . i don t have any scientific information , graham reportedly told a crowd at trump s final thank you rally in mobile , ala . i don t have a stack of emails to read to you , but i have an opinion : i believe it was god . god showed up . he answered the prayers of hundreds of thousands of people across this land who had been praying for this country . graham recently came under criticism for defending president trump s executive order barring citizens of seven muslim - majority countries from entering the united states for 90 days and suspending the admission of all refugees for 120 days subsequently blocked by federal courts . the baptist churches of puerto rico responded by withdrawing endorsement for graham s feb . 10 - 12 festival of hope evangelistic rally in san juan , terming the preacher s endorsement of trump s anti - immigration stance contrary to the values of the kingdom . graham continued to defend the trump travel ban on social media , posting feb . 11 on facebook that as head of a humanitarian organization working in more than 100 countries , including most on the banned list , i feel i have something to say about this issue . we are working to help thousands of refugees every day in different countries , graham described the work of samaritan s purse . like the good samaritan jesus told about in the bible , we help those who have been hurt along life s road . but that doesn t mean we don t need to make the borders of our own country secure . we shouldn t be na ve , graham said . just because we give medical care to isis fighters doesn t mean i would want to allow any one of them to immigrate to the united states . that would be crazy . graham said taking time to vet who is being allowed to enter america isn t too much to ask . we need to know who they are , he said . god does tell us to help the stranger and those in need ; but god doesn t tell us to expose our cities , homes and lives to hostile people . starnes began his journalistic career in newspapers . in 2000 he landed a job as staff writer for baptist press and later moved to assistant editor . baptist press fired him in 2003 after he interviewed secretary of education rod paige and quoted him as saying he personally preferred private christian education over public schools . after a controversy that nearly cost the secretary his job , paige claimed that starnes quoted him out of context . seven years later his former employer welcomed starnes back as keynote speaker at the 2010 baptist press collegiate journalism conference . after leaving baptist press starnes turned briefly to public relations as director of university communications at baptist - affiliated union university in jackson , tenn . he switched to radio , moving to california before eventually landing in new york as overnight anchor for fox news radio . today starnes is heard daily on hundreds of radio stations around the nation . he writes a column , hosts a digital show for foxnews . com and appears regularly on fox news channel and fox business network . starnes describes himself as a gun toting , chicken eating son of a baptist with a penchant for finding stories about conservative christians who feel discriminated against in america s culture wars . critics attribute his appeal to fox s key demographic of older , white christian conservatives to his use of over - the - top rhetoric and indifference toward checking the facts in his stories . previous stories : baptists withdraw support for franklin graham rally in puerto rico franklin graham says god uses extreme vetting , welcomes confirmation of attorney general
canadian baptists joined other christian leaders in an open letter criticizing evangelist franklin graham s upcoming visit to vancouver , british columbia , released feb . 24 . clergy from churches representing more than 60 percent of the christians in the metro area said they fear contentious and confrontational political and social rhetoric used by graham to criticize muslims and lgbt persons and defend donald trump has the potential to overshadow the message of jesus and incite hostility in our highly charged social climate . the letter comes in the aftermath of a mass shooting at a mosque in quebec that killed six and wounded 19 on jan . 29 , two days after president trump s executive order barring travelers from seven muslim majority countries from entering the united states . regrettably , franklin graham s public comments appear to compromise jesus s mission of love and justice for all , the letter said . he has made disparaging and uncharitable remarks about muslims and the lgbtq + community , while portraying the election , administration and policies of u . s . president donald trump as intrinsically aligned with the christian church . church leaders said examples incendiary speech by graham compiled in a separate document do not convey the spirit of christ that we would hope to see preached by an ambassador of the gospel to canada . among other things , graham is quoted as saying all muslims should be banned from the u . s . , islam is a very evil and wicked religion and the outcome of the recent presidential election was due to the hand of god , the letter said , giving the impression that the christian church as an institution is partisanly aligned with an administration and its policies . signers of the letter included laura nelson , president of the board of canadian baptists of western canada and pastor of olivet baptist church , and jeremy bell , executive minister of the organization of 183 baptist churches in four western provinces , the yukon and the northwest territories . the canadian baptists of western canada is affiliated with the baptist world alliance and north american baptist fellowship . two of the letter signers identify as cbwc pastors . one of them , pastor tim dickau of grandview calvary baptist church , signed a previous open letter last summer criticizing graham as a polarizing figure whose ungracious and bigoted remarks have the potential to generate serious negative impact on the christian witness in vancouver . the religious leaders said they worked behind the scenes for nine months hoping to persuade the planning committee for the march 3 - 5 festival of hope to find a more suitable speaker . they intended to release their letter feb . 21 but agreed to postpone it to give graham time to reply in writing . they said graham responded feb . 23 , promising to avoid controversial statements while in vancouver but not retracting harmful comments made in the past . they encouraged graham to also release his reply to the public . the faith leaders said they bear no ill will toward the festival of hope committee but simply believe it is a mistake to think franklin graham s political stances are immaterial to his presenting the gospel . earlier this month leaders in the baptist churches of puerto rico withdrew their support for graham s feb . 10 - 12 festival of hope evangelistic rally in san juan , terming graham s endorsement of trump s immigration policies contrary to the values of the kingdom . graham shows no sign of toning down his political views . on feb . 27 he commented on facebook about a news story on george w . bush s daughter barbara planning to speak at a fundraiser for planned parenthood . planned parenthood is the 1 abortion provider in the united states , graham said . raising funds for this organization is like raising money to fund a nazi death camp like auschwitz , except for innocent babies in their mother s wombs reports say they perform over 300 , 000 abortions per year . and this is the organization whose employees were caught on video trying to sell baby body parts over wine . disgusting . previous stories : pastors oppose franklin graham crusade in canada baptists withdraw support for franklin graham rally in puerto rico
baptists in puerto rico have withdrawn support for franklin graham s feb . 10 - 12 festival of hope evangelistic rally in san juan in protest of the evangelist s endorsement of anti - immigration policies espoused by president donald trump . the executive minister and the president of the baptist churches of puerto rico issued a statement feb . 4 saying graham s endorsement of trump s policies are for us contrary to the values of the kingdom . the baptist churches of puerto rico historically affirms that our standard of faith and conduct is the bible , executive minister roberto dieppa - b ez and president margarita ramirez said in the statement written in spanish . from the old testament to the new testament , god continually calls us to justice , to love , peace and mercy and , above all , to accompany the marginalized , foreigners , widows and orphans , they said according to an internet translation . the baptist leaders said trump s immigration policies attack the life of our neighbor , and jesus has always called us to love even enemies and to be our brother s keeper . the release said the baptist churches of puerto rico board of directors decided to withdraw their support for the event being held at the same stadium where graham s father , billy graham , preached to more than 175 , 000 people during the san juan global mission in 1995 for reasons of conscience . the baptist leaders said individual churches and pastors remain free to make up their own mind about whether to participate . franklin graham , who succeeded his father as ceo of the billy graham evangelistic association in 2002 , recently defended trump s executive order blocking refugees from syria from entering the country and barring immigrants from seven predominantly muslim nations deemed high risk by the white house , saying for him it is not a bible issue . it s not a biblical command for the country to let everyone in who wants to come , that s not a bible issue , graham said in a huffington post article published jan . 25 . we want to love people , we want to be kind to people , we want to be considerate , but we have a country and a country should have order and there are laws that relate to immigration and i think we should follow those laws , graham told associate religion editor carol kuruvilla . because of the dangers we see today in this world , we need to be very careful . the baptist churches of puerto rico is one of 34 regions affiliated with american baptist churches usa and the only one that is fully hispanic . as of 2011 the region numbered 112 churches with more than 25 , 000 members . the region s leaders said they do not intend to undermine the festival of hope but issued their statement in order to affirm our testimony in favor of the poor , marginalized and foreigners , among others . let us continue in prayer so that the gospel of jesus can be proclaimed and lived in all our earth , the baptist leaders said . it isn t the first time that graham s outspoken views on controversial issues such as homosexuality , islam and immigration have caused a stumbling block for an evangelistic event . last fall five pastors in canada two of them baptists said publicly they would not be supporting graham s march 2017 festival of hope crusade in vancouver , labeling him a poor witness for the gospel . in addition to his role with the billy graham evangelistic association , graham runs samaritan s purse , an international relief agency with programs including operation christmas child , an annual event that recruits volunteers in churches and other organizations to fill shoeboxes with christmas gifts for impoverished children in more than 150 countries and territories around the world . a baptist news global columnist recently suggested moderate baptist churches that participate in operation christmas child unwittingly give graham a platform to spout his political views . do you really want to send a dose of hatred along with that shoebox of christmas trinkets mark wingfield , associate pastor of wilshire baptist church in dallas , wrote jan . 28 . does handing out christmas gifts counterbalance graham s declaration that many of those who receive them would not be welcome in america there are other and better ways to support refugees and children in need around the world , said wingfield , a member of the baptist news global board of directors . in reality , sending a shoebox of odds and ends is less effective than providing food and clothing and shelter and education . if you are outraged by franklin graham s misrepresentation of christian doctrine , channel your support somewhere else , like world vision or any of the reputable denomination - based relief agencies , wingfield said . the charlotte observer reported in 2015 that between his two jobs graham received compensation totaling more than 880 , 000 in 2013 . that made him the highest - paid ceo of any international relief agency based in the united states , but it was less than the 1 . 2 million he received in 2008 . last year the irs reclassified the billy graham evangelistic association as an association of churches so that the charity is no longer required to file a financial disclosure form that includes top salaries of executives . the sister organization samaritan s purse also requested reclassification for the same reasons but reportedly did not receive an immediate response . previous stories : pastors oppose franklin graham crusade in canada bwa criticizes muslim travel ban
vancouver , bc announcing his intention to not seek re - election for a 4 th term in front of family , friends , colleagues and supporters , mayor gregor robertson today declared mission accomplished having solved all of vancouver s problems ahead of schedule . in particular , robertson admitted to feeling an immense swell of pride at having fulfilled his pre - campaign promises to end housing affordability and increase homelessness . looking back over his 10 years as vancouver s highest ranking official , robertson spoke passionately and defiantly about his work as mayor and the legacy he will leave to the city of vancouver . when i first stood here 10 years ago i vowed to increase homelessness and end housing affordability once and for all , or something to that effect . pointing to a booming homeless population , robertson said , homelessness has doubled since i was elected , honestly no other canadian city can even keep up with the numbers we re getting . also , vancouver is now world famous for its housing affordability and we should all be immensely proud of that , particularly me . related : vancouver residents urged to remain calm amid reports of mystery liquid falling from sky people said it couldn t be done but now this city is almost unrecognizable since i took over , he added , as his followers cheered exuberantly . the outgoing - mayor s final words were reserved for a previously marginalized group who have since thrived under his administration . and finally to our city s cyclists when i first started , downtown vancouver only had a few bike lanes now , we only have a few roads he declared triumphantly , prompting his supporters to raise their bicycle helmets into the air . the next mayor has a tough act to follow observers noted . what do you think of mayor robertson s accomplishments let us know us on facebook and twitter , or support us on patreon for more
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
it has become fairly clear by this point that donald trump stirs controversy everywhere he goes , as his offensive rhetoric and illogical behaviour have become major points of contention . protests against various trump policies have become prevalent throughout the country , as ordinary citizens and advocates band together to protest and voice their opinions against his divisive agenda . whether this was the recent women s march on the anniversary of trump s inauguration , or the activism of those with haitian backgrounds in taking to the streets of new york after the president referred to the country as a sh * thole , people everywhere are taking a stand . such is the case now , in switzerland , as citizens of davos have taken to the streets to protest their distaste for the insensitive president . earlier this month , it was announced that trump would attend the world economic forum in davos , a global meeting who s cooperative and globalist initiatives seemingly run contrary to the america first agenda the president has promoted . concerns have arisen surrounding the president s speech at the forum , and the likelihood that he will use the global stage to stir further disdain amongst america s global allies . swiss marchers protest against trump , break through davos security cordon < URL > nightengalejml2 ( 54 nightengale ) january 23 , 2018 earlier this week , however , trump s davos trip seemed to be in doubt , due to the ongoing government shutdown that arose . with the complications having entered their third day , it seemed as if the president would be unable to attend the summit of economic elites , as democrats and republicans remained at odds in finding an agreement that was suitable for both sides . the primary issue in causing the shutdown revolved around immigration policies and threats to daca recipients , as the trump administration has attempted to dissolve the program which protects those who entered the country illegally as minors , often with their families , and stayed in the country illegally , from being deported . however , the shutdown ended on the third day , as democrats received commitments from gOp lawmakers that daca recipients would be protected . trump , now on his way to the forum in switzerland , will not be traveling alone , as he takes along with him quite a large entourage . according to a report by pOliticO , in addition to trump , the large davos delegation [ is ] set to include chief of staff john kelly , national security adviser h . r . mcmaster , national economic council director gary cohn and other senior staff as well as several other cabinet secretaries and jared kushner , trump s son - in - law . as trump embarked on his trip , swiss citizens were quick to mobilize against the president s arrival . nearly 2 , 000 protesters organized to tell trump that he was not welcome . protesters claimed that they were advocating against trump s racial insensitivity , sexism and disregard for women s rights , and his apparent carelessness regarding climate change , as was seen in his decision to pull the united states out of the paris climate accords earlier last year . earlier today , it was revealed that first lady melania trump had backed out from attending the trip with her husband , as allegations surrounding his affair with stormy daniels , an adult movie actress , emerged earlier this month . the president is reported to have had a sexual relationship with the actress 18 months after his marriage to melania , and just 4 months after the birth of their child , barron . since then , melania trump has maintained a low profile , with opting out of the davos trip being a major example of tensions between the two . in addition to the massive protests against trump in the city of davos itself , it became evident that the activism spread to other areas of switzerland as well . protesters also gathered in the major cities of zurich s financial district , with slogans related to his anti - environmental policies . featured image by getty images
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
internet after waiting for internet shitstorm of the year to die down , the scariest man in hollywood , charles manson has finally cast his characteristically centered , and thought - out opinion on a divisive row taking place between theredpill - ers , who fight for men s rights , and so - called social justice warriors , who fight for everyone else s rights . we re all trying to play the game , alright , manson said . we re all gamers here , and the reason we play the game , ladies , it ain t because we like the game , manson said . it s because you started it . it s because you chose to play the game . manson told phil donahue in a january 5 interview the gamergate row is about ethics in gaming journalism . manson described the struggle as a sad , sad and mad game . manson said men have every right to feel threatened by the presence of women in the videogame journalism industry . women are natural gamers , he said . look at your game , girl , manson said . what a mad delusion , living in that confusion . frustration . doubt . can you ever live without the game manson , who was recently married to the 25 - year - old based afton burton , said that in the nearly 50 years he has spent playing the game , little has changed . he said inability to focus on the truth at hand could destroy peace efforts , and might even lead to heartache . can you feel he asked . are those feelings real if you can t feel , and the feelings ain t real , then you better stop trying , manson said , or you re gonna play cryin . stop tryin or you re gonna play cryin . that s the game . sad , sad game . mad game . sad game .
the internet was responsible for an estimated 2 , 460 deaths in 2014 : an alarming trend as the number of internet - related murders triples , doubles , double - triple - double - double - triple - checks each year . 26 - year - old maria constanelli , who died on new year s eve when a craigslist response went dangerously wrong so i was wondering how late you re open to fell victim to her facebook stalker during a routine w4m no - strings - attached meetup . theresa , her mother , said maria who did not want her mother to worry always told her where she was going to be prior to meeting strange men on the internet . this time was no different . i thought dugan nash sounded like a nice boy , theresa said . when she said she was meeting one of them nash boys , i thought to myself , he sounds right proper . ' theresa said nash , the man maria was alleged to meet , was known for his r b single that goes like : flip . double flip . double - triple - flip . they do that one song , that s like , uh , double - flip , double - triple - flip - flip . triple check . double flip , triple - triple , theresa said . they do that one song that s like , uh , triple - double - triple - triple - check . while maria s whereabouts are still unknown , countless others continue to suffer by the invisible hand of the internet . won t you do something today
ikea has taken advertisement to a whole new level . while it may sound a bit weird , hear us out this advertisement appeared in swedish women s magazine amelia and if you go potty on the page , you might reveal a discount code for a crib . for a crib advertisement , it doesn t get better than this . if you are pregnant and pee on the ad your code will be revealed but if you are not pregnant , no code for you . a swedish agency that is known as akestam holst brought this idea to life . this was something that took a good bit of time to develop and has ikea workers everywhere grossed out more than you know . however , it is easily the coolest more recent pee - based advertising i have seen . ikea wants you to pee on this ad and if you re pregnant , it ll give you a discount on a crib < URL > pic . twitter . com / wamXt8idkj adweek ( adweek ) january 9 , 2018 the agency told ad week as follows : in order to make the interactive functions of this ad work , in reality , we had to make several technological advancements . the pregnancy test strip was used as a starting point , which relies on antibodies that bind to the pregnancy hormone hcg , resulting in a color change . for scaling up of this technique and adapting it to the physical format of a printed ad , mercene labs has used their experience in development of surface active materials for microfluidics and medical diagnostics . careful selection of materials , together with a controlled capillary flow have been crucial to the success of this project . technical advancements made during the work with this campaign have the potential to improve medical diagnostics . genius idea from ikea ad doubles as a pregnancy test . if you re pregnant , peeing on the ad reveals a special discounted price on cots . pic . twitter . com / kwujfowpiX andrew bloch ( andrewbloch ) january 10 , 2018 the ad was made in collaboration with mercene labs and works like a charm . i mean who wouldn t want an advertisement that doubled as a pregnancy test that being said , this advertisement is not available here in the us . what do you think about this
bees are in danger and it is a very serious issue . bees are responsible for pollinating the majority of the plants on our planet , without bees who will do the pollination bee populations have been declining since the early 2000 s and began in far fewer numbers than we are seeing now . agricultural records from more than a century ago do note the occasional bee disappearance but it was nothing like what we are currently dealing with . colony collapse disorder ccd is something identified around 2014 , this infectious disease was ravaging the us as well as european honeybee hives . now , ccd is not considered a problem in the same ways it was back in 2014 the bee population is still declining . our planet is constantly becoming more and more polluted and with the industrial use of herbicides and insecticides , bees do not stand much of a chance . honeybees both wild and domestic makeup about 80 percent of all pollination in the world to be more exact . one single bee can pollinate around 300 million flowers each day . fruits and veggies are pollinated by bees . without the bees , we would be in big trouble . while chemical industries consider the bee collapse to be a mystery . the cause is clear and apparent . bees are dying from the use of pesticides , drought , nutrition deficit , air pollution , global warming , and so many other factors . we are responsible for the death of the bees , we are KiLLing the bees . greenpeace reported as follows on the issue : biologists have found more than 150 different chemical residues in bee pollen , a deadly pesticide cocktail according to university of california apiculturist eric mussen . the chemical companies bayer , syngenta , basf , dow , dupont , and monsanto shrug their shoulders at the systemic complexity as if the mystery were too complicated . they advocate no change in pesticide policy . after all , selling poisons to the world s farmers is profitable . furthermore , wild bee habitat shrinks every year as industrial agribusiness converts grasslands and forest into monoculture farms , which are then contaminated with pesticides . to reverse the world bee decline , we need to fix our dysfunctional and destructive agricultural system . common sense actions can restore and protect the world s bees . here s a strong start : ban the seven most dangerous pesticides . protect pollinator health by preserving wild habitat . restore ecological agriculture . ecological farming is the overarching new policy trend that will stabilize human food production , preserve wild habitats , and protect the bees . the nation of bhutan has led the world in adopting a 100 percent organic farming policy . mexico has banned genetically modified corn to protect its native corn varieties . eight european countries have banned genetically modified crops and hungary has burned more than 1 , 000 acres of corn contaminated with genetically modified varieties . in india , scientist vandana shiva and a network of small farmers have built an organic farming resistance to industrial agriculture over two decades . ecological , organic farming is nothing new . it is the way most farming has been done throughout human history . ecological farming resists insect damage by avoiding large monocrops and preserving ecosystem diversity . ecological farming restores soil nutrients with natural composting systems , avoids soil loss from wind and water erosion , and avoids pesticides and chemical fertilizers . by restoring bee populations and healthier bees , ecological agriculture improves pollination , which in turn improves crop yields . ecological farming takes advantage of the natural ecosystem services , water filtration , pollination , oxygen production , and disease and pest control . organic farmers have advocated better research and funding by industry , government , farmers , and the public to develop organic farming techniques , improve food production , and maintain ecological health . the revolution in farming would promote equitable diets around the world and support crops primarily for human consumption , avoiding crops for animal food and biofuels . why is it that we are not making the necessary efforts here in the us to protect the bees is this issue not imminent enough
do you believe of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next do you believe , said candide , that men have always massacred each other as they do today , that they have always been liars , cheats , traitors , ingrates , brigands , idiots , thieves , scoundrels , gluttons , drunkards , misers , envious , ambitious , bloody - minded , calumniators , debauchees , fanatics , hypocrites , and fools do you believe , said martin , that hawks have always eaten pigeons when they have found them - voltaire source : < URL >
two sonos one speakers now cost 349 the same as one apple homepod headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next sonos is offering a special limited deal for its new sonos one smart speaker , which works with amazon s alexa right now , and is gaining support for google assistant in a future update : you can buy two for 349 , which is the same price as one of apple s homepod siri - enabled speakers . this is likely not a coincidence . individually , the sonos one retails for 199 , so you get a 50 read more source : < URL >
fun team - building activities for teens of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next getting teenagers to cooperate with each other can be difficult . but these fun games can get them working together as a team in no time . the post fun team - building activities for teens appeared first on lpc survival . source : < URL >
newell brands shares tank in new york as major strategic shake - up on cards of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next consumer goods group newell brands inc ( nyse : nwL ) saw shares tank in new york as it emerged that it was mulling strategic options for the group , which could see its customer base cut in half . it also lowered its full year guidance , now expecting sales growth of 0 . 8 against a previous forecast of 1 . 5 to 2 shares slumped over 18 to Us 25 . 26 . the firm , whose brands include rubbermaid , will also explore options for some of its industrial and commercial assets , as well as reduce its factory and warehouse footprint fall by 50 , it said . business being considered include waddington , rubbermaid commercial products and mapa . we are committed to achieving our transformation objectives and are taking decisive action with speed to adapt our agenda to the unprecedented volatility in our retailer landscape , said chief executive michael polk . story by proactiveinvestors source : < URL >
when we lose a loved one we may struggle with the grief and sense of loss . it s difficult to say goodbye , the idea of never seeing this person again is both frightening and upsetting . while some may not believe in the concept of an afterlife of a spiritual realm , for those that do there is the hope that we will one day hear from those that have left us . while our loved ones can t return to us in the physical form that we remember , there are a number of different ways that they may try to communicate with us . from signs and symbols to shifts in energy , these little signs are sometimes missed or overlooked , however , if we are aware of what we are looking for we can keep our eyes open to these messages . here are 11 signs that a deceased loved one is trying to contact you : 1 music have you ever noticed that you keep hearing a specific song over and over again it s playing when you turn on the radio , on the pa system at your local mall and appearing in movies , television shows , and commercials . if this song has some sort of meaning to you or reminds you of your deceased loved one in some way , it may not be a coincidence . music is often used as an effective means of communication both when we are alive and after we pass . 2 familiar scents have you ever been walking through the house only to be met with a familiar scent , one that immediately reminds you of a loved one maybe it s your grandmother s favorite perfume or the smell of your uncle s pipe . it is said that the sense of smell is the most ancient of the senses , so if a loved one is near we may not be able to see them or touch them , but our sense of smell is strong enough that we may still pick it up . know that you aren t losing your mind , this is a sign that your loved one is close . 3 objects moving / shifting one way that spirits will try to communicate us is by moving everyday objects . they may crack open a door , move an item into your path in order to catch your attention , or they may move a specific item . if the item has meaning , this may reveal who is trying to make contact with you or the message that they are trying to share . in many cases , they are simply trying to let you know that they are around . 4 clocks stop if you notice that the clocks in your home stop or temporarily freeze with no real explanation , this may be a sign that a loved one is trying to use these devices to communicate with you . the message differs from case to case , with some reporting that the clock stops at the time of death of their loved one , while others say the time was symbolic in some way . for example , it may stop at 7 : 15 if july 15 th is a birthdate , anniversary or important date of some type . 5 they appear in your dreams when you are in a dream state , your senses and spiritual connections are heightened , making it easier than ever for your loved ones to reach out and interact with you . you may see the form of your loved one , interacting with them directly in your dream , or they may send you a sign or symbol , something that is recognizable to you . there are even times that these dreams appear so real that it is hard to draw the line between dream and reality . 6 sensing their presence the hardest of the signs to quantify , many people report that they can sense when a family member is around . you may simply feel as though there is someone nearby in the room , or you get the sense that someone is watching you . those that are able to recognize that it is a loved one nearby often report feeling comforted by the presence , a familiar feeling that they associate with when their loved one was alive . 7 butterflies and dragonflies those who study spirituality understand that there are a number of common signs and omens , each carrying their own message . butterflies and dragonflies are often associated with the spirit world , meaning that they appear when someone from that world is attempting to communicate with the living . 8 light bulbs and candles flickering those who return to visit us from the spiritual realm bring with them a significant amount of energy . light is known for being one of the purest forms of energy , and as such , it is easily influenced by outside energy sources . when your loved one moves near a light bulb or a candle , this causes the light to flicker . 9 black feathers there is a legend that dates back generations that if you find a single black feather it is a sign from the universe that a loved one is attempting to make contact with you . the full legend states that feathers can carry a number of different messages , revealed by the color . black specifically pertains to the spirit of an ancestor . 10 electronic devices act up similar to the phenomenon that we see when our loved ones move near a light source , the energy that a spirit contains can also influence the electronic devices that we use on a daily basis . you may notice that your television screen mysteriously goes fuzzy , your radio changes stations or your laptop turns off without warning . if there is no physical reason for your electronics to be on the fritz , this is likely a sign that someone is nearby . 11 sudden change in temperature a well - known sign of a spiritual presence , if you feel an unexplained breeze , or a sudden drop in temperature this may be the sign that the spirit of a loved one is near . there are many explanations for this , depending on who you speak to . some say that spirits draw energy in order to try to contact us , and pulling this energy pulls the heat from the room . others say that we experience a sudden chill when a spirit attempts to touch us or make contact . the one common fact that unites all explanations is that these changes in temperature indicate a spirit is near .
children are not toys . while some of us may feel like they belong to us , we all need to understand that they are people as well . when our children throw a fit , of course , they should be dealt with . they shouldn t be allowed to run all over everyone . discipline is necessary regardless of how you do it ( within reason no , abusing your children is not okay ) . but , when we are listening to our children cry because they are in trouble and we just stand there ignoring them we are sending them the wROnG message . i know a lot of people are going to disagree with me on this one but please understand where i am coming from . affection is not a reward . comfort is not a reward . love is not a reward . we should not never just ignore our children . we should comfort them when they are upset . sure , they should know that something they have done is wrong but we shouldn t set them up to think that just because we are angry that they no longer deserve our love and affection . children are people , i cannot stress this enough . their mental well - being is iMPORtant . think back to a point in your childhood where you were upset and crying with no one to comfort you , how did that make you feel didn t feel good , did it your children need to know that their feelings dO matter . i see parents doing this all the time , they think that by doing this they are going to be able to make their children more obedient and i think that is bullshit . ignoring our children when they really feel like there is something wrong ; when they are so upset that their bodies will not let them stop crying it digs a hole between the two of you . this overtime shows your children that when there is something truly wrong they shouldn t come to you . it shows them on some level that you won t be there to help them through the tough points in their lives . it weakens the connection you have with your children . no , i don t mean we should turn our children into snowflakes but we should be there for them in all ways possible even when they are in trouble . they can be disciplined and still not feel neglected emotionally at the same time . you can tell your child no and still comfort him or her . you don t have to give in and buy that toy , you can just be there for them and that is enough . comforting your child gives him or her a sense of trust in you that you will not be able to win back if you don t nurture it now . be there for your children in all the ways that you can .
the concept of health , wellness , and modern medicine has largely revolved around our physical body . we invest our time , energy and funding into better understanding the individual systems of the body such as the circulatory system , or the human brain , seeking a comprehensive understanding of how they work , the way in which they interact with one another and what steps we can take to prevent and treat any ailments or illnesses . recently , however , many experts in the medical profession have begun to open their eyes to a bigger understanding of the whole , seriously considering the impact that other areas of our lives , such as our emotional or spiritual health , can have on our overall health . the concept is built on the belief of the four spectrums of health , including spiritual , mental , emotional and physical health . these spectrums aren t individual and isolated concepts , but rather deeply connected with one another creating a complicated web known as our overall health . when one of these areas begins to falter or fall out of balance , the rest are , in turn , impacted . a clear example is the impact of depression on the human body . while it is largely associated with negative or extreme feelings of sadness , there are also physical symptoms reported by suffers including aches and pains , changes in appetite and chronic fatigue . while depression is considered a mental illness , it is felt in our physical health as well . holistic healing works to focus on this balance , working to bring all spectrums of health back into alignment . doing so will allow every organ , process , and system in our bodies to function at their optimal state of functioning , which is the point we define as being healthy . this point in our lives is one of harmony , in which everything works as intended . the process of rebalancing your whole being in this way is known as healing . while very few people subscribe solely to alternative medicine practices , still visiting their doctor to discuss their medical concerns , it is estimated that approximately one - third of americans will seek help in some form outside of their doctor s office as part of their overall healing efforts . this reflects an important shift in our society today , one in which the population , including the medical community , are opening our eyes to the benefits of incorporating holistic healing with our current medical practices . as we begin to embrace these healing practices , including but not limited to meditation , herbology , aromatherapy and chakra balancing , we are encouraging scientists and researchers to put more of their time and efforts into better understanding the effectiveness of these treatments . for example , melatonin has become a widely accepted natural treatment for those that are suffering from issues with their sleep cycle . as word spreads about its effectiveness , the number of adults using melatonin doubled between 2007 and 2012 . today it is recognized as a great way of addressing complications associated with jet lag , and offering relief for children , adults and the elderly who struggle with falling asleep . while there are some studies confirming this effectiveness , researchers continue to explore the beneficial use of melatonin for the average american . as we continue to embrace alternative treatment practices , we will likely see an increase in cooperation between our family doctors and medical practitioners and those who practice alternative treatments . this isn t to say that there is no place in the future for modern medicine , but that our best overall health will be accomplished through considering all areas of our lives . it s only a matter of time before we see our family doctors prescribing chakra balancing during a routine physical exam
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
franklin graham is dead wrong about immigration , refugees and the bible . and his comments will have deadly consequences . and by the way , if you support samaritan s purse and its operation christmas child next december , you will be supporting graham s kind of twisted christian witness . more on that in a moment . on top of previous outlandish comments about muslims , the son of america s most famous evangelist last week rushed to the defense of donald trump , saying the president s hardline ban on immigration was just fine because it is not a biblical issue . file this under the category of alternative facts . although let s give the younger graham a little slack because on one point he s right : the bible does not discuss american immigration policy . in the old testament , we read about the nation of israel , and america is not israel . but here s what god does say in deuteronomy 10 , when the children of israel have just escaped bondage in egypt : for the lord your god is god of gods and lord of lords , the great god , mighty and awesome , who is not partial and takes no bribe , who executes justice for the orphan and the widow , and who loves the strangers , providing them food and clothing . you shall also love the stranger , for you were strangers in the land of egypt . that s one of 92 times the hebrew word we would translate to immigrant in english appears in the old testament . and in every case , the admonition is for acceptance and welcome and kindness . the new testament doesn t conceive of a political nation , but jesus directives are given toward individuals who are to act in christ - like ways wherever they live . so , for example , in matthew 25 we hear these words of jesus about the kind of behavior god rewards : i was a stranger and you welcomed me . so , yes , the bible does not give directions on american foreign policy , even though too many evangelical christians act like it does . american foreign policy is not , strictly speaking , a biblical issue . but how a nation full of christians and a government filled with professing christians should treat immigrants is indeed a biblical issue . and there s no equivocation that the biblical mandate is for welcome , not building walls , not closing borders , not seeking our own welfare to the detriment of strangers in dire need . you cannot make a biblical case for the policies enacted by donald trump and tacitly approved by congress silence . as a result of this policy , people will die . immigrants who need to flee horrendous situations will be trapped and will die . and then others will die because america s protectionism will breed more terrorism and more hatred . how in god s name is any of that biblical franklin graham has a voice not only because he is his father s son but because of his work through samaritan s purse . no doubt , this relief agency does good work and not everyone who works there agrees with graham . but remember that he gets a hearing because of the scope of that organization . evangelical christians across america enable this platform and graham s mean declarations by supporting samaritan s purse financially and by teaching their children to support it through operation christmas child . do you really want to send a dose of hatred along with that shoebox of christmas trinkets does handing out christmas gifts counterbalance graham s declaration that many of those who receive them would not be welcome in america there are other and better ways to support refugees and children in need around the world . in reality , sending a shoebox of odds and ends is less effective than providing food and clothing and shelter and education . if you are outraged by franklin graham s misrepresentation of christian doctrine , channel your support somewhere else , like world vision or any of the reputable denomination - based relief agencies . let s plant seeds of hope , faith and love that will take root and produce a harvest of righteousness and not just dangerously wrong theology .
enderly park is blistering under an unseasonable september heat , and frank byers saunters across tuckaseegee road to the rec center where he likes to play cards with his neighbors . he doesn t use the crosswalk , but in many ways he s earned
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
the recent uprising in baltimore has occupied our screens and dominated our conversations for more than a week now . protestors there pricked the consciences of the nation in their cries for justice for freddie gray . at some point , a small
enderly park is blistering under an unseasonable september heat , and frank byers saunters across tuckaseegee road to the rec center where he likes to play cards with his neighbors . he doesn t use the crosswalk , but in many ways he s earned
remember the hit 00 s tv series the apprentice well its host , donald j . trump , is a name you probably haven t heard of in a while but this former reality tv star has been keeping himself pretty busy . so what s he up to nowadays well since leaving the show mr . trump has come a long way from hollywood and now can mostly be seen playing golf . a lot . last year alone mr . trump was spotted on a golf course 88 times , a personal record occasionally he runs the united states of america . but mostly he golfs every opportunity he has . he never seems to get much better but he keeps playing anyway . sometime he pretends he s working , but really he s just playing golf . sometimes he provokes unstable foreign dictator s into nuclear war . sometimes he makes super racist , sexist or homophobic comments in public . but mostly , he just golfs . all day long . wow , well that s great to see he s keeping himself busy we ll be sure to check in on him in another 10 years or so and see what s he s up to . check back tomorrow when we ll finally uncover what former football star o . j . simpson has been up to since he mysteriously retired from acting in the mid 90 s . do you know anything else mr . trump has been at let us know on facebook and twitter .
a mysterious yellow circular object has been spotted hovering over greater vancouver leaving local meteorologists , scientists and law enforcement baffled . at first i thought , oh great , burnaby is on fire again but then i realized it was moving slowly , said one local vancouver resident who claimed to have witnessed the object rise from fire in the early hours of this morning . from there the Ufo has risen steadily throughout the day , appearing directly over vancouver at approximately 3 pm . one shocked downtown vancouver worker told Ctv news , first thing i noticed was the colour of the sky . all those grey fluffy things had vanished into thin air , and the sky was so blue and bright . it s so weird . how long the the Ufo will remain over the city is unknown but not long enough according to most yellow - disk enthusiasts who have taken to vancouver s previously unused beaches , to worship their supposed god . the vast majority of the gva population seemed quite pleased to finally have a valid reason to wear their ray - bans 24 / 7 . what do you think our new yellow disc overlord join the debate on facebook and twitter
a must WatCH the BEst ufo evidence a small collection of Nasa ' s official footage and transmissions from the space shuttle sts missions , taking place betwee a must WatCH the BEst ufo evidence a small collection of Nasa ' s official footage and transmissions from the space shuttle sts missions , taking place between 1981 and 2011 . the space shuttle was a manned orbital rocket and spacecraft system operated by Nasa on 135 sts missions . during some of those missions , official Nasa cameras , astronauts and crew accidentally documented and leaked some of the best ufo evidence footage in the history of the phenomenon . some may say meteors , many will say satellites and more will say space junk . my question is . . . do meteors , satellites and space junk make turns do meteors , satellites and space junk materialize out of nowhere
republic lets you launch ( or invest ) in startups as easily as kickstarter headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next we ve all heard of project crowdfunding platforms kickstarter , indiegogo , and rockethub ( among many others ) to get our projects financed and manufactured . but what if your project is a business or , to be more specific , a more robust company to produce multiple projects rather than one this is the premise behind the new startup - investing platform known as republic . republic allows private Us companies to seek investments from the general public utilizing the jobs act ( jumpstart our business startups act ) of 2012 under title iii . also known as the crowDFUnD act , the initiative offers a way for companies to use crowdfunding to issue securities . simply put it s good for both businesses and those looking to invest in them . republic is an offshoot of angellist a startup discovery website that lets recruiters snag qualified employees for their business startups . kendrick nguyen , republic s co - founder , and ceo , previously served as angellist s head of legal counsel and started this new platform as a way for new startups to grow through the community . any business can apply for funds through republic , and anyone can help fund whatever business they feel suits them best . on the business side , companies can amass 1 million in funding during the year meaning , you can have a funding goal of up to that amount per your business according to the law . if you successfully reach your funding goal , you pay 5 of the total funds raised in cash and 2 of the securities you issued . the reason being is that those who funded you receive a financial stake in your company in the form of a security ( bonds , stocks , etc . ) such as crowd safe , thus those that funded your company are entitled to a return ( cash or stock ) . now , those that invested are not allowed to a return unless your business either goes public or is acquired by another company . as to be expected , there is a laundry list of requirements that budding startups have to adhere to in just about any funding scenario crowdfunded or not . that being said , republic has already had 20 successful ventures with new startups , and the list continues to grow annually . those looking to invest in one of the featured businesses can render funding for as little as 10 , so there s low risk involved , and you could make a little money for your effort . the post republic lets you launch ( or invest ) in startups as easily as kickstarter appeared first on solidsmack . read more about caD , product design and related technology at solidsmack . com source : < URL >
i felt the shaking * now today earlier country where you felt the earthquake * afghanistan aland islands albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antarctica antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bosnia and herzegovina botswana bouvet island brazil british antarctic territory british indian ocean territory british virgin islands brunei bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada canton and enderbury islands cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos [ keeling ] islands colombia comoros congo - brazzaville congo - kinshasa cook islands costa rica c te d ivoire croatia cuba cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic dronning maud land east germany ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia french southern and antarctic territories french southern territories gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guernsey guinea guinea - bissau guyana haiti heard island and mcdonald islands honduras hong kong sar china hungary iceland india indonesia iran iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey johnston island jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati kuwait kyrgyzstan laos latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macau sar china macedonia madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte metropolitan france mexico micronesia midway islands moldova monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar [ burma ] namibia nauru nepal netherlands netherlands antilles neutral zone new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norfolk island north korea north vietnam northern mariana islands norway oman pacific islands trust territory pakistan palau palestinian territories panama panama canal zone papua new guinea paraguay people ' s democratic republic of yemen peru philippines pitcairn islands poland portugal puerto rico qatar r union romania russia rwanda saint barth lemy saint helena saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint martin saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino s o tom and pr ncipe saudi arabia senegal serbia serbia and montenegro seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa south georgia and the south sandwich islands south korea spain sri lanka sudan suriname svalbard and jan mayen swaziland sweden switzerland syria taiwan tajikistan tanzania thailand timor - leste togo tokelau tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks and caicos islands tuvalu u . s . minor outlying islands u . s . miscellaneous pacific islands u . s . virgin islands uganda ukraine union of soviet socialist republics united arab emirates united kingdom united states unknown or invalid region uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vatican city venezuela vietnam wake island wallis and futuna western sahara yemen zambia zimbabwe city / village where you felt the earthquake * street or suburb ( area ) where you felt the earthquake latitude ( area ) where you felt the earthquake longitude ( area ) where you felt the earthquake shaking strength * mmi ii ( very weak shaking ) people : felt by persons at rest , on upper floors or favorably placed . mmi iii ( weak shaking ) people : felt indoors ; hanging objects may swing , vibration similar to passing of light trucks , duration may be estimated , may not be recognized as an earthquake . mmi iv ( light shaking ) people : generally noticed indoors but not outside . light sleepers may be awakened . vibration may be likened to the passing of heavy traffic , or to the jolt of a heavy object falling or striking the building . fittings : doors and windows rattle . glassware and crockery rattle . liquids in open vessels may be slightly disturbed . standing motorcars may rock . structures : walls and frames of buildings , and partitions and suspended ceilings in commercial buildings , may be heard to creak . mmi v ( moderate shaking ) people : generally felt outside , and by almost everyone indoors . most sleepers awakened . a few people alarmed . fittings : small unstable objects are displaced or upset . some glassware and crockery may be broken . hanging pictures knock against the wall . open doors may swing . cupboard doors secured by magnetic catches may open . pendulum clocks stop , start , or change rate . structures : some large display windows cracked . a few earthenware toilet fixtures cracked . mmi vi ( strong shaking ) people felt by all . people and animals alarmed . many run outside . difficulty experienced in walking steadily . fittings : objects fall from shelves . pictures fall from walls . some furniture moved on smooth floors , some unsecured free - standing fireplaces moved . glassware and crockery broken . very unstable furniture overturned . small church and school bells ring . appliances move on bench or table tops . filing cabinets or " easy glide " drawers may open ( or shut ) . structures : slight damage to buildings with low standard . some stucco or cement plaster falls . large display windows broken . damage to a few weak domestic chimneys , some may fall . environment : trees and bushes shake , or are heard to rustle . loose material may be dislodged from sloping ground , e . g . existing slides , talus slopes , shingle slides . mmi vii ( very strong shaking ) people general alarm . difficulty experienced in standing . noticed by motorcar drivers who may stop . fittings : large bells ring . furniture moves on smooth floors , may move on carpeted floors . substantial damage to fragile contents of buildings . structures : unreinforced stone and brick walls cracked . low standard buildings cracked with some minor masonry falls . a few instances of damage to buildings of ordinary workmanship . unbraced parapets , unbraced brick gables , and architectural ornaments fall . roofing tiles , especially ridge tiles may be dislodged . many unreinforced domestic chimneys damaged , often falling from roof - line . water tanks type i burst . a few instances of damage to brick veneers and plaster or cement - based linings . unrestrained water cylinders ( hot - water cylinders ) may move and leak . some common windows cracked . suspended ceilings damaged . environment : water made turbid by stirred up mud . small slides such as falls of sand and gravel banks , and small rock - falls from steep slopes and cuttings . instances of settlement of unconsolidated or wet , or weak soils . some fine cracks appear in sloping ground . a few instances of liquefaction ( i . e . small water and sand ejections ) . mmi viii ( severe shaking ) people alarm may approach panic . steering of motorcars greatly affected . structures : low standard buildings heavily damaged , some collapse . ordinary workmanship buildings damaged , some with partial collapse . reinforced masonry or concrete buildings damaged in some cases . a few instances of damage to buildings and bridges designed and built to resist earthquakes . monuments and pre - 1976 elevated tanks and factory stacks twisted or brought down . some pre - 1965 infill masonry panels damaged . a few post - 1980 brick veneers damaged . decayed timber piles of houses damaged . houses not secured to foundations may move . most unreinforced domestic chimneys damaged , some below roof - line , many brought down . environment : cracks appear on steep slopes and in wet ground . small to moderate slides in roadside cuttings and unsupported excavations . small water and sand ejections and localized lateral spreading adjacent to streams , canals , lakes , etc . mmi iX ( violent shaking ) structures many low standard buildings destroyed . ordinary workmanship buildings heavily damaged , some collapse . reinforced masonry or concrete buildings damaged , some with partial collapse . buildings and bridges designed and built to resist earthquakes damaged in some cases , some with flexible frames seriously damaged . damage or permanent distortion to some buildings and bridges , designed and built to normal use standards . houses not secured to foundations shifted off . brick veneers fall and expose frames . environment : cracking of ground conspicuous . landsliding general on steep slopes . liquefaction effects intensified and more widespread , with large lateral spreading and flow sliding adjacent to streams , canals , lakes , etc . tell us your experience and how many seconds the shaking lasted + let us know if your property has been damaged ( even slight damage ) . ( max . 500 characters )
( photograph : bet press ) tye tribbett and donnie mcclurkin performed together at the 14 th annual bet celebration of gospel . tye tribbett has a new gospel music show coming to tbn . the gospel music singer - songwriter and composer took to instagram this week to share the news about his new show . " i ' m coming to share some very exciting news . we are partnering with tbn on a brand new show called the " gospel worship experience , " the senior pastor of live church orlando wrote . " javon , along with myself , will be the host of this brand new show like no other . " an invitation to the gospel worship experience taping was posted on facebook and revealed some of the guests who willl be featured on the orlando show at the holy land experience theme park . " come to the holy land experience church of all nations , jan . 29 . doors open at 5 p . m . , " the post reads . " javen and tye tribbett will host tasha cobbs , travis greene , kierra sheard , and anthony j . brown for an incredible ' gospel worship experience ' you do not want to miss " a post shared by tye tribbett ( bowtyetrib ) on jan 17 , 2018 at 11 : 00 am pst in his instagram video , tribbett said tbn would be airing the gospel music show after other networks canceled theirs . last year , tribbett ' s bet gospel music variety show " joyful noise " was canceled after just one season . " while other networks are taking gospel and worship off of their networks we ' re partnering with tbn to keep worship alive and well on mainstream mediums . the first taping is jan . 29 at the holy land in orlando florida , " he said . " get here , it starts at 6 p . m . we got kiki , anthony brown , travis greene , tasha cobbs leonard . you do not want to miss this night of worship and praise to our living god . " just before he starred in " joyful noise , " tribbett spoke to the christian post about his desire to make gospel music relevant . " my thing was to really make jesus , gospel and music as cool and relevant as it really is . i want to bring that back in a way that will bring family together , not just youth , " the boisterous musician told cp in 2016 . " i want to bring families together so they will be inspired because we ' re going to face some dark days , especially in america . we ' re going to find strength in knowing all things work together for good , and i want the show to be a reinforcement of that truth . "
( photo : reuters ) baby born premature seen in this undated photo . the house of representatives on friday passed the born - alive abortion survivors protection act , which would require healthcare workers to provide care to babies who are born alive after an abortion attempt . all republican representative voted in favor , and almost all democrats opposed it . the house voted 241 - 183 to pass the bill , which seeks to ensure some measure of protection for the newborns who manage to live through abortions , with only six democrats voting for it , according to national review . the bill carries fines and imprisonment for medical professionals found to be noncompliant , and would grant the woman on whom the abortion is performed civil cause of action and protection from prosecution if her child is not cared for after birth . " justice and compassion took a great leap forward today , " marjorie dannenfelser of the susan b . anthony list said in a statement . " we thank leader [ kevin ] mccarthy , r - calif . , and our allies in the house for holding a timely vote on this crucial bill , as hundreds of thousands of pro - life americans rally at congress ' doorstep . " rep . judy chu , a democrat from california , claimed , however , " this bill is a solution in search of a problem . it ' s unnecessary , redundant , and part of a broader attack on women ' s health and [ abortion ] from the chamber and the trump administration . " the bill will now need 60 votes to pass through the senate . " we urge the senate to follow their colleagues ' lead and pass the born - alive abortion survivors protection act as well as the pain - capable unborn child protection act , which would end cruel late - term abortions after five months of pregnancy , " dannenfelser added . the senate may soon vote on the pain - capable unborn child protection act , a bill that seeks to ban abortion after 20 weeks of gestation on the basis that a baby is capable of feeling pain during an abortion and after that point of pregnancy .
( photo : instagram / pattie mallette ) justin bieber supports his mother pattie mallette at the justice speaks holiday benefit luncheon in los angeles , california on december 9 , 2017 . justin bieber ' s mother , pattie mallette , is proud of her son ' s relationship with jesus christ . mallette took to instagram to write an open letter to her pop star son who has been growing in his relationship with god . " i ' m so proud of the amazing young man you are , and the young man you are becoming . none of us are perfect and never will be , ( so we will always need patience and grace for each other ) , but your genuine growing relationship with jesus is evident in the choices you are making daily and the good ' fruit ' you bear , " she wrote . " i admire your character and integrity . you are maturing beautifully and wise beyond your years . " mallette went on to reveal other great qualities about her son , including his sense of humor and heart . a post shared by pattie mallette ( pattiemallette ) on jan 18 , 2018 at 9 : 18 am psT " you are so funny that i find myself laughing out loud when i ' m alone , remembering of something you said or did , " she wrote . " and your heart is gold . i love you to the moon and back . lovemom ps . did i mention i was proud of you " bieber once had a strained relationship with his mother , which he blamed on some rebellious behavior in 2014 that resulted in his arrest for a dui . in a previous interview with billboard , bieber revealed that he was ashamed to face his mother after taking part in other questionable acts like assaulting a limousine driver , egging his neighbor ' s home , and urinating in his jail cell . " i was distant because i was ashamed . i never wanted my mom to be disappointed in me and i knew she was , " he said . " we spent some time not talking , so it takes time to rebuild that trust . she ' s living in hawaii now , so it ' s hard , but getting better . " despite their struggles , bieber referred to mallette as " an amazing woman and i love her . " bieber ' s mother helped him develop a relationship with god at a young age . " when i was 7 , she wouldn ' t let me listen to anything but [ pastor ] judah ' s tapes falling asleep , " bieber told billboard . in a previous interview with access hollywood , the mother and nowhere but up author revealed her parenting style which consisted of letting bieber make his own decisions . " you have to sort of let them make some of their own decisions , " she said . " me , personally , i would love to be with him all the time and to be able to ground him and deal with his problems and do all of that stuff . but at some point the parenting style changes . i hope to still be a respected voice in his ear . "
expand collapse ( screenshot : march for life ) tens of thousands of people gather at the national mall for the 45 th annual march for life in washington , d . c . , january 19 , 2018 . tens of thousands of pro - life activists of all ages came to national mall in washington , d . c . on friday for the 45 th annual march for life . held in response to the controversial 1973 landmark supreme court decision roe v . wade , this year ' s theme was " love saves lives . " this year , president donald trump gave a speech from the white house rose garden via satellite to the marchers , the first sitting president to do so in the history of the annual event . as with past years , the march was preceded by a large rally at the national mall , which had a main stage in which several speakers ranging from celebrities to members of congress gave remarks . here are four notable speeches from this year ' s march for life , centering on different aspects of the movement .
( photo : reuters / alessia pierdomenico ) irish singer dolores o ' riordan performs at the ariston theatre during san remo ' s 54 th song festival in northern italy , march 6 , 2004 . clergy who knew the cranberries frontwoman dolores o ' riordan have been reflecting on the late singer ' s faith as they help the family grieve over their unexpected loss . on monday , the 46 - year - old singer - songwriter from the popular rock group died unexpectedly in london . while the cause of death has yet to be determined , those in the catholic community who knew her are speaking about the loss . the singer ' s funeral will be held at the church of saint ailbe in ballybricken , ireland , on jan . 23 . father james walton , the priest in o ' riordan ' s home parish , recalled first meeting the singer when she attended church with her mother . after her untimely death , he has been praying with her family . " they have no idea how dolores died . they received a phone call with the news and are in shock . she was here only last week , " walton told the daily mail . " i visited the family and prayed with two of her brothers . i met dolores when she came to church with her mother . " despite her fame , the priest recalled how humble o ' riordan was when she attended church . " there were no airs or graces about her being a celebrity and all that , " he said . " she was a perfectly nice woman and blended into the church . " bishop brendan leahy of limerick recalled o ' riordan growing up in a neighboring archdiocese of cashel and remembered her as an inspiration . " of course , she was a superstar and an inspiration to so many people , not least from limerick . limerick city , all of limerick , held her very dear in its heart , " he told catholic news service . " her rise to stardom gave a huge amount of belief to young people locally at the time . " even with fame , leahy said , " she never lost sight of who she was and where she was from . " according to the bishop , the singer ' s music reflected her spiritual beliefs . " she also often spoke about her spirituality and how important that was to her and , of course , she met pope john paull ii , " he said . " she spoke of taking a lot of influence for her music from her spirituality . limerick and the world has lost a kind , soft - hearted , talented soul . "
( photo : reuters / joshua roberts ) u . s . president donald trump walks to marine one as he departs for a day trip to kenosha , wisconsin , from the south lawn of the white house in washington , u . s . , on april 18 , 2017 . the trump administration has announced that it ' s revoking the obama - era policy of restricting state governments from denying medicaid funds to planned parenthood on the grounds that they are abortion providers . department of health and human services under obama issued the warning in 2016 when 24 states denied medicaid funding to planned parenthood following an undercover investigation by the center for medical progress exposed the abortion provider ' s alleged business of selling aborted babies ' body parts . the trump administration rescinded the guidance friday in a letter to state medicaid directors , which said the guidance favored abortion providers , according to the hill . " reinstating the pre - 2016 standards frees up states to once again decide for themselves what reasonable standards they use to protect medicaid programs and their beneficiaries , " charmaine yoest , assistant hss secretary for public affairs , was quoted as saying . " this is part of the trump administration ' s effort to roll back regulations the obama administration put out to radically favor abortion . " " no american taxpayer should be forced by unelected washington bureaucrats to pay for abortions , " alliance defending freedom legal counsel elissa graves said in a statement . " medicaid dollars should go to local community health centers serving women not the scandal - ridden billion - dollar abortion industry . " expand collapse ( photo : reuters / lucas jackson ) a sign is pictured at the entrance to a planned parenthood building in new york august 31 , 2015 . picture taken august 31 , 2015 . adf thanked the trump administration " for its leadership in protecting women ' s health and defending the sanctity of life . " " president trump and his administration have taken a monumental stand for conscience rights and an important step toward getting american taxpayers out of funding the abortion industry , especially planned parenthood , " marjorie dannenfelser , president of the pro - life susan b . anthony list , said . " despite reporting record income , planned parenthood ' s non - abortion services are in steep decline , clients are leaving , and dozens of facilities have closed , " dannenfelser added . " meanwhile , the abortion chain does more than 320 , 000 abortion procedures per year , and they are under federal investigation for their role in the harvest and sale of aborted babies ' body parts for profit . " the revoking of the obama - era policy may not allow states to cut off funding to planned parenthood , as existing federal law is seen by some courts as restricting the states from doing so , but the measure does show the administration ' s support to the states that would like to deny funds to the abortion provider . earlier this month , hhs unveiled a new division , known as the conscience and religious freedom division , meant to defend the conscience rights of medical professionals who hold moral or religious objections to things like abortions or gender reassignment surgery . " no one should be forced to choose between helping sick people and living by one ' s deepest moral or religious convictions , and the new division will help guarantee that victims of unlawful discrimination find justice , " said severino . " for too long , governments big and small have treated conscience claims with hostility instead of protection , but change is coming and it begins here and now . "
( photo : reuters / jasen vinlove / usa today sports ) tim tebow speaks with the media after his workout at the mets minor league complex . major league baseball team the new york mets , have once again formally invited christian athlete tim tebow to join their team for spring training in st . lucie , florida . the announcement was made friday and sports fans are wondering whether or not this means he is one step closer to being promoted to the major leagues . tebow is currently a part of new york mets ' class a affiliate team , the fireflies . the former nfl quarterback played for the mets ' minor league system all of 2017 , batting . 226 with eight home runs and 52 rbis in 126 games . he kicked off the season in columbia , south carolina , in the south atlantic league but was promoted to the florida state league to play for class a st . lucie in late june . the 30 - year - old came out the gate swinging when he first joined st . lucie . he batted . 317 over his first 25 games and had a 12 - game hitting streak while playing outfield and as a designated hitter . according to Espn , out of 93 qualified hitters in the south atlantic league at the time , tebow landed at no . 85 as was still promoted to high a ball . now , the mets inviting tebow to big league camp once again guarantees that he will be in the lineup and actually play in the games for spring training . many have criticized the heisman trophy winner ' s ability to play baseball , some even claiming that he only has a position in baseball because he can help sell t - shirts , jerseys and fill the stadium seats . however , tebow continues to defy the odds by being an example for others who wish to live out their dreams . tebow has said that playing major league baseball has always been a childhood dream of his and although numbers like his wouldn ' t normally garner a major - league invite , his age has pushed the mets to accelerate his progress . at the 2017 sabr conference in new york last year , mets general manager sandy alderson told fans that they enjoy having tebow a part of the mets family . " we signed him because he is a good guy , partly because of his celebrity , partly because this is an entertainment business , " alderson told attendees according to a report . " my attitude is ' why not ' " fireflies president john katz told reporters during a press conference last season that tebow has greatly impacted the clubhouse . " his contributions , both on the field and in our community , have made a tremendous impact on our team , the city of columbia and the entire south atlantic league , " katz said . " we wish tim the best as he continues his journey to citi field . " because of his celebrity status , tebow helped push the fireflies ' average attendance up nearly 40 percent over a year ago . tebow maintained that he ' s not thinking about the naysayers . " it ' s not something that i have to answer , " he said at that press conference . " i just try to go out there and try to work . a lot more smarter , wiser people than me that make those decisions . "
judicial watch sought the copy of the budget prepared or submitted by special counsel robert mueller . but , on friday , january 19 , the justice department notified judicial watch that it refuses to turn over documents , stating : seven pages were located that contain records responsive to your request . we have determined that this material should be withheld in full because it is protected from disclosure under the foia . the justice department asserts the mueller budget information cannot be released because its release could interfere with law enforcement proceedings and the material is protected from disclosure by the deliberative process privilege . ( washington , dc ) judicial watch today announced that justice department refuses to release the proposed budget of robert mueller s special counsel office . judicial watch is seeking the information through a freedom of information act ( foia ) lawsuit . judicial watch filed a foia lawsuit against the doj on october 5 , 2017 , after it failed to respond to a july 10 , 2017 , request ( judicial watch v . u . s . department of justice ( no . 1 : 17 - cv - 02079 ) ) . judicial watch is seeking : a copy of the budget prepared and submitted by robert s . mueller iii or his staff . a copy of all guidance memoranda and communications by which the justice management division will review the special counsel s office s statement of expenditures a copy of each document scoping , regulating , or governing the special counsel s office appointed under the leadership of mueller iii the justice department has thus far ignored judicial watch s requests for documents about its management of the mueller operation . the justice department also sent judicial watch a copy of a previously published document showing expenditures by the special counsel s office from may 17 , 2017 , to september 30 , 2017 . the total was 3 , 213 , 695 , nearly a million dollars per month . on july 7 , 2017 , the washington post reported that special counsel mueller submitted a proposed budget to the justice department , but officials declined to make the document public and committed only to releasing reports of the team s expenditures every six months . judicial watch is pursuing numerous additional foia lawsuits related to the surveillance , unmasking , and illegal leaking targeting president trump and his associates during the fbi s investigation of potential russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election . special counsel mueller s operation is not above the law . the american people have a right to know how much taxpayer money is planned for his massive investigation , said judicial watch president tom fitton . no one else in dc seems to be providing oversight of the mueller operation , so once again it is up to the citizen s group judicial watch to fight for accountability . more . .
for 25 , 000 we , as a planet , have been leaving on this plane , one that has been rife with evil , negativity , struggles , and challenges . many individuals have been working towards reaching a level of spiritual awakening and enlightenment that will allow them to rise above the negativity and hate that exists in the world around us , however , this is a battle in going against the current , surrounded by the struggles and hurt of the masses . good news we have reached an incredible time , an opportunity for true ascension . this occurs during a phenomenon called an event horizon , a time when the energy and light from the galactic central sun and the energy from the core of the earth , the heart of our planet , meet upon the planet s surface . this causes a big wave or flash both of light and divine energy , spreading out across the planet reaching all living entities . to better understand this , you must realize the difference between the sun as we know it , the provider of light and warmth on our planet , and the galactic central sun . a source of spiritual energy , the galactic central sun is an object located in the sagittarius constellation . from a scientific stance , an event horizon can be defined as a boundary in spacetime beyond which events cannot affect an outside observer . in other words , the event horizon is the point of no return . from a spiritual perspective , the phenomenon is similar , this is a point in our spiritual existence at which you can no longer turn back , a line in the sand marking a significant shift . those coming up to this shift cannot see it or life beyond it , however , and those who have been delivered through the ascension cannot return to their lives before it . as this energy spreads across the planet it will bring with it great joy , love , and peace . reaching into even the darkest of corners and forgotten places on the planet , it will drive out negativity and hate replacing it with its healing light . this is a major shift that has never before been seen here on earth , one that will be felt by each and every one of us whether we believe in its existence or not . it s power , however , will be powered and intensified by the positivity of those of us here on the planet . for this reason , it is important that we understand it s full powers and prepare for it to come . the early stages of spiritual ascension are not always comfortable , often involving symptoms such as headaches , body aches , and pains , bursts of energy and mood swings . this is the time in which your body , mind , and soul are working through the energy shift , adjusting to the new , higher frequencies . try to remain patient with yourself and practice self - care , ensuring that you are getting enough rest to allow your body to work through this somewhat challenging time . in order to help boost the positive reach of this phenomenon , we need to begin by practice regular ascension meditation . this may be as simple as a 30 min meditation daily , focusing on the overall betterment of humanity . this means envisioning true , unconditional love surrounding and embracing our planet , and everyone on it . for others , ascension meditation is slightly more structured , but still with the same end goal of welcoming , encouraging and empowering the positive energies that will bring humanity through the ascension process . the more that we share this message and band together , practicing regular ascension meditation and empowering the coming energies , the more incredible this shift will be for humanity . try this guided ascension meditation :
the human body is a fascinating topic that can command our attention for hours , but there is no organ quite as fascinating and unbelievable as that of the human brain . weighing , on average , a mere 3 pounds , the human brain acts as command central for our entire bodies , determining how we act , react , how we feel , interpreting our senses and telling our muscles how to move and function . containing approximately 100 billion neurons or nerve cells , it can process information as slowly as 0 . 5 m / sec or as fast as 120 m / sec , a feat that many of us take for granted as brett wingeier , ph . d . , an engineer , neuroscientists and the co - founder of halo neuroscience explains , your brain is constantly working to sense , process , think , move , and even dream . by understanding how the neurons connect , which electrical impulses carry messages to various organs in the body and which area of the brain is associated with our various senses we can begin to wrap our head around its incredible function , but what about the topics of intelligence , problem - solving and critical thinking skills experts say that you can actually strengthen your brain s function in a similar way to an athlete strengthening their muscles working out . by reading , doing puzzles and challenging our ability to solve various problems we can keep our brain active and working in its optimal condition . the internet is packed with amazing examples of critical thinking and problem - solving riddles , each pushing us to think outside the box and expand our mental capacity . here are 22 incredible thought experiments to challenge your mind : 1 recently featured in an episode of dr . who , the bootstrap paradox was named after a time travel story written by robert a . heinlein called by his bootstraps . this poses the idea that if an object or piece of information is sent back it in time it will become trapped in an infinite loop , never actually having a noticeable origin . for example , if the doctor in dr . who goes back in time and gives a young beethoven a copy of his famous sonatas , and he publishes them , who actually composed these works 2 roman poet and philosopher titus lucretius carus posed the following question which continues to leave many scratching their heads today : if atoms in our brain always act predictably , how can we have free will 3 popularized by john maynard keynes , a renowned economist , the paradox of thrift introduces an interesting and complex problem that underlies our current economic system . it proposes that during difficult economic times everyone should save their money as it is the responsible thing to do , avoiding spending on things that we do not need . however , if each of us starts saving all of our money and cutting our unnecessary spending then that will cause the aggregate demand to drop , and as the impact of that shift takes investments will give lower return and income will also decline meaning that we will , ultimately , have fewer savings . 4 the following paradox was based on a true story . known as the paradox of the court , it tells the famous conundrum of protagoras and his pupil euathlus . consider this one seriously and try applying it to a more modern setting john taught law to bill with the condition that bill would pay the tuition fee after he had won his first case . long after bill finished his lessons , he did not get any case either on purpose so that he never had to pay for the lessons or simply because no one hired him . john then sued bill in small claims court for the tuition fee . john : if i win the suit , then by verdict bill will have to pay me ; however , if bill wins , he will also have to pay me because our agreement says he will pay me when he s won his first case . as such , it would be wise for the court to simply make bill pay me . bill : if i win the suit , then by verdict i needn t pay john . if john wins the case , then i still won t have to pay him because i haven t won any cases . as such , it would be wise for the court to throw out his suit . you re the judge ; what do you do 5 classical philosopher and poet epidmenides once wrote all cretans are liars . while this may seem like a simple phrase it was the birth of a new paradox , epidmenides paradox . you see , epidmenides himself was a cretan , therefore he is stating that he too is a liar . however , if he is a liar , then his statement that all cretans are liars must also be a lie meaning that all cretans tell the truth . this would then state that epidmenides must tell the truth a circular pattern of thinking leaves one trying to determine the phrase all cretans are liars can be both true and false at the same time . 6 zeno was a greek philosopher in around 500 b . c . e . who proposed a number of interesting thought experiments and paradoxes , calling many areas of common thinking and beliefs into question . one of these areas was that of motion and its existence or lack thereof according to what he proposes as logical thinking . one of his famous paradoxes of motion , the paradox of the arrow states this : for motion to occur , an object must move from one place in space / time to another . using an arrow as a reference , if an observer were able to stop time , you would notice that the arrow was not moving in that instant . the arrow had to be either moving to where it is , or moving to where it isn t , yet in any given instant the arrow is motionless . if in any instant no motion is occurring , then no motion can occur in any moment , and therefore motion cannot happen . 7 introduced by the muslim philosopher avicenna , the floating man problem questions our real existence in relation to our thoughts , memories , and experiences . this poses the question , what truly defines existence it asks : imagine a man is created in total sensory deprivation . he cannot see , hear , taste , smell , or touch . can he know that he exists while avicenna himself assumed the answer would be yes , pointing to the existence of the human soul , this question has continued to circulate among philosophers and not all shared his conclusion . 8 in an effort to point out how different legal consequences can follow a homicide case depending on the twists that the situation may take , don harper mills , the president of the american academy of forensic sciences introduced the fictional murder case of ronald opus . here is the original case in its entirety . if you were responsible for persecuting this case , what would your conclusion be on march 23 , 1994 , a medical examiner viewed the body of ronald opus and concluded that he died from a gunshot wound of the head caused by a shotgun . investigation to that point had revealed that the decedent had jumped from the top of a ten - story building with the intent to commit suicide . ( he left a note indicating his despondency . ) as he passed the 9 th floor on the way down , his life was interrupted by a shotgun blast through a window , killing him instantly . neither the shooter nor the decedent was aware that a safety net had been erected at the 8 th - floor level to protect some window washers , and that the decedent would most likely not have been able to complete his intent to commit suicide because of this . ordinarily , a person who starts into motion the events with a suicide intent ultimately commits suicide even though the mechanism might not be what they intended . that he was shot on the way to certain death nine stories below probably would not change his mode of death from suicide to homicide , but the fact that his suicide intent would not have been achieved under any circumstance caused the medical examiner to feel that he had homicide on his hands . further investigation led to the discovery that the room on the 9 th floor from whence the shotgun blast emanated was occupied by an elderly man and his wife . he was threatening her with the shotgun because of an interspousal spat and became so upset that he could not hold the shotgun straight . therefore , when he pulled the trigger , he completely missed his wife , and the pellets went through the window , striking the decedent . when one intends to kill subject a but kills subject b in the attempt , one is guilty of the murder of subject b . the old man was confronted with this conclusion , but both he and his wife were adamant in stating that neither knew that the shotgun was loaded . it was the longtime habit of the old man to threaten his wife with an unloaded shotgun . he had no intent to murder her ; therefore , the killing of the decedent appeared then to be accident . that is , the gun had been accidentally loaded . but further investigation turned up a witness that their son was seen loading the shotgun approximately six weeks prior to the fatal accident . that investigation showed that the mother ( the old lady ) had cut off her son s financial support , and her son , knowing the propensity of his father to use the shotgun threateningly , loaded the gun with the expectation that the father would shoot his mother . the case now becomes one of murder on the part of the son for the death of ronald opus . now comes the exquisite twist . further investigation revealed that the son , ronald opus himself , had become increasingly despondent over the failure of his attempt to get his mother murdered . this led him to jump off the ten - story building on march 23 , only to be killed by a shotgun blast through a 9 th story window . the medical examiner closed the case as a suicide . 9 here s one that will really get you thinking . while the exact origin of this picture is unknown , it has circulated a number of social media platforms including facebook , twitter , and google + . this one may have you stumped for a bit how would you answer this riddle 10 in 1982 philosopher frank jackson came up with a thought experiment known as what did mary know this as used to argue the association between consciousness and non - physical knowledge . is it possible that there are some facts in life that escape a real physical explanation imagine a girl called mary . she is a brilliant neuroscientist and a world expert on color vision . but because she grew up entirely in a black and white room , she has never actually seen any colors . many black and white books and tV programmes have taught her all there is to know about color vision . mary knows facts like the structure of our eyes and the exact wavelengths of light that stimulate our retinas when we look at a light blue sky . one day , mary escapes her monochrome room , and she walks through the grey city streets . she sees a red apple for the first time . what changes upon mary s encounter with the red apple has mary learnt anything new about the color red upon seeing the color for the first time 11 the barn - pole paradox is one of a number of similar special relativity problems that use various props to make the same point . approaching a situation from multiple points of view , it poses an interesting question that many find difficult to answer . the problem goes like this : these are the props . you own a barn , 40 m long , with automatic doors at either end , that can be opened and closed simultaneously be a switch . you also have a pole , 80 m long , which of course won t fit in the barn . now someone takes the pole and tries to run ( at nearly the speed of light ) through the barn with the pole horizontal . special relativity ( sr ) says that a moving object is contracted in the direction of motion : this is called the lorentz contraction . so , if the pole is set in motion lengthwise , then it will contract in the reference frame of a stationary observer . you are that observer , sitting on the barn roof . you see the pole coming towards you , and it has contracted to a bit less than 40 m in your reference frame . so , as the pole passes through the barn , there is an instant when it is completely within the barn . at that instant you close both doors simultaneously , with your switch . of course , you open them again pretty quickly , but at least momentarily you had the contracted pole shut up in your barn . the runner emerges from the far door unscathed . but consider the problem form the point of view of the runner . she will regard the pole as stationary , and the barn as approaching at high speed . in this reference frame , the pole is still 80 m long , and the barn is less than 20 m long . surely the runner is in trouble if the doors close while she is inside . the pole is sure to get caught . well , does the pole get caught in the door or doesn t it 12 greek philosopher socrates was once quoted saying , i know one thing ; that i know nothing . while his intention was to highlight that the more we know , the more we don t know , with the acquisition of more knowledge only leading us to more unanswered questions , the whole concept can leave you thinking for hours . based on what you currently know today , what do you not know what will you not know tomorrow 13 the ship of theseus or theseus s paradox is a thought experiment most notably recorded by plutarch in the last first century . the original paradox stated : the ship wherein theseus and the youth of athens returned from crete had thirty oars , and was preserved by the athenians down even to the time of demetrius phalereus , for they took away the old planks as they decayed , putting in new and stronger timber in their places , in so much that this ship became a standing example among the philosophers , for the logical question of things that grow ; one side holding that the ship remained the same , and the other contending that it was not the same . modern takes on this paradox include a sock where the holes are replaced with patches , or grandfather s axe which , over time , has had both the handle and the head replaced . is it still considered the original axe , or is it now a new object 14 irish scientist william molyneux posed this question in 1688 and it still has many of us thinking today if a man who is born blind learns to distinguish between a sphere and a cube by touching them , and one day regains his sight , would he be able to tell which of the objects placed in front of him is a sphere and a cube by only looking at them what do you think 15 olbers paradox was named after german astronomer heinrich wilhelm olbers . also known as the dark night sky paradox it argues that the darkness of the night sky conflicts with the stated fact that there is an infinite number of stars in the universe . by this theory of the infinite stars , any line of sight from earth must , ultimately , end at the surface of a star , which would , by definition , be bright . so why is the sky that we observe dark 16 a story first used by american philosopher edmund l . gettier in his discussions about the concept of justified true belief , this is sure to leave you wondering a near - sighted farmer anxiously asked the milkman whether he d seen a cow on his rounds because his cow was missing . the milkman pointed further down the road and told the farmer , don t worry , she s over there in that field . the farmer squinted and saw a black and white shape near some trees in the middle of the field and thanked the milkman in relief . meanwhile , as the milkman passed the field he took another look and notice that the cow was actually hidden by high grass ; what he d pointed out to the farmer were black and white sheets hanging in a tree . even though the cow was in the field , was the milkman correct when he d said he knew it was there 17 while discussing the topic of personal identity , british philosopher derek parfit introduced what has now come to be known as the teletransporter thought experiment . it asked this if you were to use a teleporter in order to travel to mars , and this specific device mapped out every particle within your body , creating an exact replica of yourself on mars while destroying the original here on earth , maintaining your memories along with the memories , and others have no doubt in meeting you that this is you from a first - person perspective having used the teleporter , would you continue to exist or are you actually dead an interesting thought with the growing interest in new forms of space travel in our future 18 consider this question first asked by archytas in 5 th century bc : if i arrived at the outermost edge of the heaven ( universe ) , could i extend my hand or staff into what is outside or not this raises a seriously interesting question what exactly is the universe expanding into is it a void or nothingness if so , wouldn t that void also be part of our universe 19 have you ever stopped to consider the existence of intention and what it truly means this is what as called into question by moral and political philosopher gregory s . kavka in the toxin puzzle , first introduced in 1983 . it states that : an eccentric billionaire places before you a vial of toxin that , if you drink it , will make you painfully ill for a day , but will not threaten your life or have any lasting effects . the billionaire will pay you one million dollars tomorrow morning if , at midnight tonight , you intend to drink the toxin tomorrow afternoon . he emphasizes that you need not drink the toxin to receive the money ; in fact , the money will already be in your bank account hours before the time for drinking it arrives , if you succeed . all you have to do is . . . intend at midnight tonight to drink the stuff tomorrow afternoon . you are perfectly free to change your mind after receiving the money and not drink the toxin . the question remains ; however , can you actually intend to drink the toxin if you know that you intend to change your mind at a later time or does intending to change your mind negate your claim to intend to drink it 20 the crocodile dilemma , also known as crocodile sophism , is a paradox that dates back to ancient greece . it is believed to be logically impossible , however , it is sure to get you thinking the paradox goes like this : a crocodile has captured a little boy . being the reasonable crocodile that he is , the croc promises the little boy s father that he will release the kid only if the father can predict what the crocodile will do next . the father of the boy says , you will not give my son back . now the croc is in a bind . if the feather was correct in his statement , the croc keeps the kid . but if the croc keeps the kid , the croc is not keeping his promise to return the boy . but once the croc returns the boy , the father s prediction is no longer correct . what should the crocodile do 21 referred to as the trolley problem , this ethical dilemma has stumped people for generations . sometimes told with a trolley , other times told with a train , the question is raised , will you personally take a life to save the lives of many there is a runaway trolley barreling down the railway tracks . ahead , on the tracks , there are five people tied up and unable to move . the trolley is headed straight for them . you are standing some distance off in the train yard , next to a lever . if you pull this lever , the trolley will switch to a different set of tracks . however , you notice that there is one person on the side track . you have two options : ( 1 ) do nothing , and the trolley kills the five people on the main track . ( 2 ) pull the lever , diverting the trolley onto the side track where it will kill one person . which is the correct choice 22 it feels wrong to end this list of mind - provoking paradoxes without the best - known paradox in existence the chicken and egg paradox . this age - old question sheds light on two very important areas of consideration : the origin of life and the universe , and the case for the circular cause and consequence logical fallacy which can be defined as , when the consequence of the phenomenon is said to be an unavoidable cause of the phenomenon when the truth may be otherwise . so , the question stands what came first , the chicken or the egg featured image via medium
the clash of civilizations we are witnessing is between a belief system from the middle ages vs the 21 st century a conflict between oppression and freedom . sultan is a syrian - american psychiatrist from an alawi family , who was raised as a sunni muslim . but , unlike many so - called moderate muslims , she does not hold with the opinion that islam was hijacked by extremists . dr . wafa sultan has been forced to go into hiding with her family because of a fatwa ( religious edict ) calling for her death issued by an islamic scholar following her al - jazeera appearance . related videos : muslims - against - islam
special counsel robert s . mueller is doing anything but slowing down his russia investigation . there is no immediate end in sight as mueller continues to investigate possible trump campaign collusion with russian officials . it could be well into 2018 before mueller and his team complete their investigation . trump s former campaign manager paul manafort and his business partner , rick gates , were the first ones indicted and charged with tax fraud and money laundering . mueller also indicted former white house foreign policy adviser george papadopoulos and former national security adviser michael flynn on charges of lying to the fbi . both pled guilty to the charges . now , corey lewandowski , who was mr . trump s campaign manager until he was fired in june 2016 , is set to testify before congress about russia election meddling . according to the new york post : president trump s former campaign manager corey lewandowski revealed on sunday that he is expected to appear this week before a house panel probing russian involvement in the 2016 election . lewandowski said his appearance before the house intelligence committee either on wednesday or thursday is voluntary and will take place behind closed doors . lewandowski said : i m happy to do it . i didn t collude or cooperate or coordinate with any russian , russian agency , russian government or anybody else , to try and impact this election . i ll be happy to come out and set the record straight about my lack of involvement with any type of foreign entity . also , former white house chief strategist steve bannon is expected to testify before the same house panel this week . trump and bannon have been feuding since author michael wolff released his new tell - all book titled fire and fury : inside the trump white house . at one point , bannon describes trump as acting like a nine - year old . lewandowski said he hasn t actually been contacted by mueller yet , but said he wouldn t hesitate to be interviewed . he said : so , let s come to a resolution . if you need to talk to people who were involved in the campaign to bring that to a resolution , let s do that . but it s time to bring this investigation to a close . trump maintains that mueller wouldn t be likely to interview him since there was no collusion . however , mueller has reached out the president s lawyers and it s very possible . lewandowski said that he would urge trump to tell the truth . he said : there s no question to me , that if he were to sit down and tell that team exactly what took place , and i was there for it , they will come to the same conclusion that everybody else has already come to , which is there is no collusion . lewandowski is also in hot water for accusations by singer joy villa that he assaulted her at a trump hotel party . according to Usa today : rep . adam schiff of california , the senior democrat on the house intelligence committee , told Usa tOday that he believes the house panel still has many months of work ahead of us . he added , however , that he s worried that republicans on the committee may be trying to rush the investigation to a premature close because of pressure from the white house to bring it to an end . let s grab the popcorn and see what happens in the coming months . this is how twitter responded : featured image by taylor hill / getty images
air travel can be a tiring and trying experience . and while it may save you a lot of money , flying coach is hardly ever a pleasant experience unless of course the flight is hardly booked and you end up with an entire row to yourself . but if you re on a full flight , then you have to squeeze into your tiny seat with two people you might not know breathing heavy and sneezing on either side of you . while boarding most planes , coach passengers have to walk past the first class passengers as they sip champagne and get pampered in their leather seats . it s easy to feel jealous of their privilege . and because the airline only provides exceptional service to the first class passengers , those in coach get the short end of the stick . with crusty peanuts and sloppy servings of soda , coach has nothing going for it besides saving you some cash . in the same vein , service men and women may be given special treatment while boarding the plane but if they didn t pay for it , they don t get first class treatment . but on a recent flight , jessica titus , a coach passenger , noticed a man from the first - class section approach a female servicewoman who was walking through his section of the plane . he sneered at her then followed her back to coach with his eyes . before she could get any further , he stood up and physically blocked her way . this tactic , employed by abusive husbands and boyfriends , shocked the service woman . and she immediately put up her defense . however , the aggressive stranger had an alternative motive . and it was nothing as it seemed . instead , he offered to trade his first class seat for her coach one . he wanted the army servicewoman to be treated like royalty because she had served america in his stead and he wanted to show her his appreciation for that . although she hadn t the money to purchase a first class ticket , the rich man thought she deserved to sit in first class more than he did . that s why he stood up and trade seats with her in front of everyone . titus explained the story in a love what matters post on facebook : on my flight tuesday , i walked down the jetway behind a woman in uniform ( army ) . a man stood up from his 1 st class seat and said , sorry ma am , i m in your seat . what does your ticket say he asked . she replied , what no i m 31 b . he walked away , leaving her with his first class seat and then took her middle seat in coach . in response , titus wanted to give the generous man a treat for honoring the servicewoman when no one else would . she wrote a short note and then attached a small bill to it to help get him a drink or snack . but the do - gooder refused to take her money . spoiler alert , he refused my offer . do good . recognize good . make the world better . what do you think about this first class passenger s kindness toward our service men and women
after spending most of his eight years on the streets , an eight - year - old detroit boy explodes with joy when he gets his first bed , as you can see in the heartbreaking video below . because his mother dionna has been struggling financially for years , young daeyrs has spent most of his life bouncing around homeless shelters . things started to fall apart around the same time of the financial crisis , which struck detroit exceptionally hard . she lost her job and lost her home . despite the hardship , dionna has refused to give up on her future . she is a trainee nurse . the mother and son duo received a big break when they finally qualified for government housing . it gave dionna a chance to put down some roots so she could grow and strengthen her family . but the state housing only came with two chairs and an air mattress . because dionna has been working hard to provide for daeyrs , the non - profit organization humble design took notice . so , they decided to do something generous for the struggling mother . they came in and completely redid their home with new furniture and d cor . and as they were giving daeyrs a tour of what they did to their house , the young boy burst into tears of relief . after struggling all his life , he now had his own bed and a real home to live in with his beloved mother . the michigan state housing came after years of struggle . and during christmas , daeyrs had one simple wish . he wanted his own bed to sleep in at night . humble home heard about the pair after the social worker handling their case referred them to the organization . as a result , humble home completely redecorated their home with d cor and comfortable furniture . until the day he got his bed , daeyrs was sleeping on the floor in blankets . humble design completely surprised daeyrs with the makeover . and at the video , he calls himself the man of the house because he now has is own furnished bedroom . during the film , the boy bursts into tears of relief and joy when he sees his remade room for the first time . it is no longer just an empty room with four walls . he now has a bed , furniture , toys , and cushions . humble design even gave daeyrs an art set that he has dreamed of having . the video was filmed on december 20 . humble design s lead designer and founder treger strasberg said , they moved into this house but didn t have any furniture and were sleeping on the floor . we were referred to daeyrs and his mother by a social worker , and our first order of business was to ask them exactly what they would like in their house to make it feel like a home . seeing how much having a bed and his own room meant to daeyrs , it really made me realize what s important in life and grateful for everything i have . he was so excited to have his own room , but also so overwhelmed by what having this really means for him after all he s been through to have a place to stay and just be a normal kid with no worries . see the heartwarming moment now
who said you couldn t be 100 - years - old and out hunting deer often people have misconceptions that just because someone is too old or too young , they can t do something they love . but that is hardly ever the case . the world is a lot more fluid than our judgments would have us believe . and bertha vickers from morgantown , mississippi is ready to celebrate her 100 th birthday on january 9 . while she s excited about her milestone year , she s more eager to talk about the deer she recently killed while out on the hunt . even though she s happy to talk about it , she s a bit surprised that the general public is so excited to hear that a woman , who is about to turn 100 , just shot and killed a deer . i don t know why everyone is making such a big deal about it , the elderly active hunter told the clarion - ledger . if i d killed a big buck , i could see it , but it was just a doe . the news broke onto the scene when the clarion - ledger reported how vickers used her . 243 winchester rifle to bag a deer a few miles from her rural mississippi home . and when her family shared photos of the about - to - be centenarian with her deer , comments started pouring in with congratulations and birthday wishes . although the world is shocked to hear that a 99 - year - old woman shot and killed a deer , vickers isn t . she goes hunting all the time , and this doe just marks yet another kill she made while out on the hunt . vickers loves to spend her free time going out into the woods with her rifle , by herself , and hunting squirrels and deer . nevertheless , the old woman has made headlines for shooting down a deer just days before her 100 th birthday . vickers was born on january 9 , 1918 . she grew up in the farmlands in oktibbeha county , which neighbors where she currently lives . she married her husband , bert vickers in 1935 when she was just 17 - years old . she remembers the great depression is a tough time for farmers . but she survived and went on to have three children and 66 - years of happy marriage . going deer hunting during the season was a sunday tradition for the vickers . back in 2001 , bert lost his battle with cancer . and despite losing her husband , vickers refused to lose her passion for nature and hunting . just to get to go and the thrill of catching or killing something is so exciting . i m going to do just what i want to do , she said about achieving her 100 th year . although she has reached an age that most people can only dream of , she refuses to let the number slower her down . i m going to fish more than i did last year . i would love to kill a buck . i can t hunt in this cold , but it will warm up . reaching the centenarian club is not easy . but an active lifestyle and a love for the outdoors can only help . what do you think about this near centenarian hunting a deer days ahead of her milestone birthday
becoming a new parent has the potential be one of the most exciting times in a person s life . these new and exciting times can also bring a lot of stresses and worry . staying positive throughout the ups and downs can be key to handling uncertainty , but preparing for worst - case scenarios can make you much more adept to handle tough situations when they arise . quite unanimously , parents hope and anticipate their children will be born healthy and happy . for one young couple expecting the arrival of their baby boy , they knew brody would be a little different , but wouldn t grasp the extent of his differences until after he was born . the couple found out during their 24 - week ultrasound that brody would be born with a bilateral cleft lip and palate . they were told to expect their son would be afflicted with health problems that accompany this type of deformation , with the doctor even asking the parents if they wanted to consider options other than carrying through with the pregnancy . the young couple wouldn t be deterred from having their son . not caring if he looked a little unusual , they were prepared to accommodate any extra health problems that would arise from their son s condition . with their love for their son already in full force before his birth , the parents had no doubt in their minds that they would keep him . they hoped to change people s perceptions of children born with birth defects and deformities by not giving up on their baby . it is ok to be proud of your baby no matter the circumstances . we wanted to change what ultrasound / newborn / first year pictures on our facebook / instagram accounts looked like . we wanted to spread awareness of cleft lips and palates , said sara , brody s mother . caused when certain tissues don t form or fuse , cleft lips and palate are very common birth defects that can make it hard for the baby to eat , drink , smile , and even breathe . without having the defect surgically corrected , the child may be unable to speak and live a normal life , so most parents opt to have the surgery to correct their baby s cleft corrected . despite brody s cleft , his parents sara and chris were proud and overjoyed with the birth of their son . to an outpouring of support , they shared photos of their son on social media . some people were curious about brody s face , leading some with little tact to ask sara what was wrong with her baby s face . while these questions were upsetting to the new mother , she exercised grace and used the opportunity to educate others about the condition in an attempt to promote awareness and cut down on future ignorance , saying : i decided to educate rather than create a confrontation because that is what i want brody to do in the future . i will want him to educate , to be an advocate for younger cleft kids who don t have their own voice yet . the outpouring of support the family has experienced manifested in the gift of 1000 from a waiter while out for dinner with a friend , with which sara and chris were able to cover some medical expenses for brody s surgery to repair his cleft . brody , a happy young boy , had his surgery last year and has been recovering well , though he may need further surgeries in the future . his mom said : this experience has shown us just how strong the cleft community is . we ve been contacted by people all over the country . they are praying for us and asking us to reach out if we need anything .
( photo : reuters / nigel roddis ) members of the church of england ' s synod vote on one of the motions during the session during which approved the consecration of women bishops , in york , july 14 , 2014 . leaders of the church of england will debate at their governing body next month whether they should have a priest - sharing arrangement with the methodists to " sustain christian presence . " the proposal will be discussed at the general synod in february , as there are " serious challenges in sustaining a christian presence , " according to the telegraph , which spoke to some leaders of the denomination . " whilst such co - operation is already possible and practised in many rural contexts , priests / presbyters exercising ministry in both churches at the same time could build on that in new ways , " the rt revd dr christopher cocksworth , bishop of coventry , said in a statement . cocksworth explained , " these would include helping one another to maintain a reliable pattern of public worship in the communities they serve , fostering imaginative initiatives in mission , and enabling strategic decisions to be made about which communities will be the particular focus for ministers serving overlapping geographical areas . " methodism originated as a revival within the 18 th century church of england and became a separate denomination after the death of john wesley . some senior figures are , however , warning that the arrangement could be " very problematic . " the church of england ' s top civil servant , william nye , said the proposal could be divisive given that methodist clergy who had not been ordained by a bishop would be allowed to hold church of england services . nye added that the plan would break the " continuous apostolic succession " that church of england members believe links their clergy and bishops to the original followers of jesus christ . a survey released earlier this month by the christian humanitarian charity tearfund showed that only 20 percent of u . k . adults pray regularly , or at least once a month , but only 9 percent go to church regularly . the survey also showed that more than half of adults , 51 percent , say they ever pray , but only one in three people pray in a place of worship . according to data released by the church of england last year , an average of 930 , 000 people , 14 percent of whom were children , attended weekly worship services during october 2016 . the smallest 25 percent of churches reported no children attended on average . a survey commissioned by the church of england found last year that only 6 percent of british adults are practicing christians .
freedom rider : oligarch jeff bezos republicans and democrats alike are willing to turn over government coffers to bezos and his ilk and the rights of the people be damned . amazon cEo jeff bezos has a net worth of 105 billion and is the richest man in the world . but he is not just the richest man at this moment in history . he is the richest person who has ever lived . as of 2017 he and seven other billionaires had a collective net worth equal to that of the poorest 3 . 6 billion people on earth . these figures have been in the news of late but without much useful analysis . the corporate media refuse to state what is obvious . namely that inequality is worse around the world precisely because these super rich people demand it . while pundits and politicians go on breathlessly about oligarchs in russia , they seldom take a look at the wealthiest in their own back yard and the control they exert over the lives of millions of people . when amazon announced it would choose a site for its new headquarters cities across the country began a furious race to the bottom . amazon is not alone in the thievery department . major corporations like walmart always request and receive public property and public funds in order to do business . boston offering 75 million to amazon while houston is willing to part with 268 million . some 235 cities have put themselves in the running for this dubious venture . chicago is willing to give amazon 1 . 3 billion in payroll taxes that prospective employees would ordinarily pay that city . if chicago wins this booby prize amazon employees would pay taxes to their employer and not to the government . this is truly cutting out the middle man and makes real the rule of , by , and for the wealthiest . the potential for public outrage isn t lost on unprincipled politicians . some cities now refuse to reveal how much they plan to give away . but the news to date is disheartening with boston offering 75 million while houston is willing to part with 268 million . amazon says it will hire 50 , 000 people but their business model already pays employees so little that many of them qualify for public assistance , despite being employed . the united states is as much of an oligarchy as countries it usually disparages but it is far more dishonest about its true nature . all talk of democracy is a lie as the rich get richer , by an additional 1 trillion in 2017 , and wield more and more power over the lives of everyone else . chicago is willing to give amazon 1 . 3 billion in payroll taxes that prospective employees would ordinarily pay that city . the bezos juggernaut is not restricted to theft of public money . he is also the sole owner of the washington post , one of the most influential newspapers in the country . bezos owns a newspaper that is an organ of the ruling elite and he also has a 600 million contract to provide the central intelligence agency with cloud computing services . the washington post was the force behind propaganda or not , an effort to destroy left wing voices like those at black agenda report . under the guise of fighting russia and so - called fake news the bezos owned post began the censorship campaign that has put the left s presence on the internet in such jeopardy . politicians outdo one another giving away public resources to the richest man on the planet who also owns a major newspaper and services the surveillance state . if it can be said that any one person rules the world bezos would be obvious choice . no one in chicago , boston , houston or any of the other cities giving away the store ever voted for jeff bezos . all talk of democracy is a sham as long as the richest people take from the rest of humanity . the effort to make government an irrelevance is thoroughly bipartisan . republicans and democrats alike are willing to turn over government coffers to bezos and his ilk and the rights of the people be damned . the bezos owned post began the censorship campaign that has put the left s presence on the internet in such jeopardy . whoever wins this tarnished brass ring ought to be consigned to political defeat . the mayor , aldermen , city council members or whoever else brings disaster to their locality should be punished for aiding and abetting the theft . if these cities can give to the richest man who ever lived , they can surely use public money to help their residents right now . but they will never do that because they are all bought off and compromised . they are either cynical or afraid to go against the real rulers of the country . bezos may look like the villain in a james bond movie but there is nothing funny about him . he is deadly serious and so are his intentions . in a bezos run world every worker will be impoverished , every level of government will subsidize corporations , and anyone who speaks out will be discredited and under surveillance . the last thing any city needs is a new amazon headquarters . we need an end to billionaire rule in this country and around the world . that will be the salvation of the people , not more sweat shops run by wealthy people who steal from everyone else . margaret kimberley s freedom rider column appears weekly in bar , and is widely reprinted elsewhere . she maintains a frequently updated blog as well at < URL > . ms . kimberley lives in new york city , and can be reached via e - mail at margaret . kimberley ( at ) blackagendareport . com
there is a clear parallel between nazism of the past and radical islam of the present . from the new cd / dvd release , for zion s sake , i will not be silent , the song and video the forgotten people , was written in remembrance of the holocaust . this song sounds an alarm to the nations that all mankind must fight against the rising tide of anti - semitism which presently is at it s highest point since wwii . www . heartforisrael . com related videos : islam - and - the - jews
we appreciate your help click here to donate cateGOries cateGOries select category 9 / 11 censored allen west cair nazis children donald trump enemywithin - america enemywithin - foreign halal slaughter islam and the jews islam in america islam in public schools islam nOt islamic britain islamization of the west islamObama islamomania jihad this just the facts laughing at islam military stories muslim animal abuse muslim hate hoaxes muslim invaders muslims against islam muslims vs muslims never hire a muslim persecution of christians pro - america muslims religion of hate say what uncategorized women
that was the nature of this conversation . when it came to the issue of , quote , chain migration , i said to the president , do you realize how painful that term is to so many people african - americans believe they migrated to america in chains and when you talk about chain migration , it hurts them personally .
we appreciate your help click here to donate cateGOries cateGOries select category 9 / 11 censored allen west cair nazis children donald trump enemywithin - america enemywithin - foreign halal slaughter islam and the jews islam in america islam in public schools islam nOt islamic britain islamization of the west islamObama islamomania jihad this just the facts laughing at islam military stories muslim animal abuse muslim hate hoaxes muslim invaders muslims against islam muslims vs muslims never hire a muslim persecution of christians pro - america muslims religion of hate say what uncategorized women
after converting to islam , a texas college professor , daneil mashburn ( right ) , tried to bring his students to his newfound faith by babbling incoherently about the tenets of islam instead of doing what he was being paid to do teach astronomy . but what students saw him do next had them fleeing the classroom and frantically calling 911 , thinking they were witnessing the prelude to an islamic terror attack . fox news on january 16 , tarrant county college students attended an astronomy lecture to find that their professor was nowhere in sight . once the students had taken their seats , tcc adjunct professor daniel mashburn entered , turned off the lights , and launched into a psychotic rant in which he proselytized islam to his terrified pupils . students feared they might be witnessing a terror attack unfolding as mashburn , who they didn t even know was their professor , had covered his identity with a baseball cap , knit hat , gloves , hooded coat , and a scarf over his face , according to fox news students say the professor talked about the koran and the moon and the dark night and seemed incoherent and never discussed anything astronomy - related . mostly he was talking about different things of the muslim faith , mcleod said . he kept messing with his pocket and you could tell there was an object in the right - hand pocket . and whenever he went to pull out his hand , i started having this really bad feeling and jumped up and ran out of the classroom . all but 2 of the 25 students attending the lecture scrambled to get out of the classroom , worried that the seemingly disturbed professor might have something ominous planned . others called 911 to report mashburn s terrifying behavior , which prompted him to launch into yet another hysterical islamic rant . daniel mashburn then admits that he purposefully kept his teaching philosophy , which undeniably involves preaching islam in the classroom , a secret from his tcc superiors . he finally confesses that he is tired of hiding in the shadows and fearing their law before sinisterly declaring i fear allah . mashburn then displayed a paperback quran , telling todd that he holds the universe in his right hand . mashburn was suspended indefinitely by the college , and his replacement is expected to arrive for the next class , according to the report . no criminal charges were filed .
black alliance for peace calls on the u . s . to end its war in afghanistan black alliance for peace calls on the u . s . to end its war in afghanistan by bar editor and columnist ajamu baraka u . s . policy - makers see the continued presence of the u . s . in afghanistan as a strategy to counter the growing cooperation between china and the russian federation and the chinese silk road project . with the announcement that the trump administration concluded its analysis of the war in afghanistan , the administration had an opportunity to announce a sensible solution to the longest war in u . s . history by calling on all parties to the conflict to enter into serious discussions to create a process for national reconciliation and peace . instead , the administration committed the u . s . to an endless war in afghanistan with no clear criterion for what the administration would define as a win . moreover , by suggesting that the administration intends to play up to india , pakistan s bitter rival , so india can play a larger role in solving the conflict in afghanistan amounts to a dangerous and cynical ploy that could inflame the already tense relations between the two nuclear - armed nations . trump s call for support for an increase to military spending was a crude and opportunistic rationalization for endless war and the squandering of the nation s precious resources , including the lives of its young . trump s call for support for an increase to military spending was a crude and opportunistic rationalization for endless war . the policies of this administration reflect a continued commitment on the part of the u . s . oligarchy to utilize military force to advance its interests throughout the world . members of the black alliance for peace ( bap ) understand that u . s . policy - makers see the continued presence of the u . s . in afghanistan as a strategy to counter the growing cooperation between china and the russian federation and the chinese silk road project . we also know that u . s . capitalists have their eyes on newly discovered and untapped mineral reserves of iron , cobalt , copper , gold , and lithium estimated at a value of over one trillion dollars . this increases afghanistan s value for the u . s . corporate and financial sector , which has no problem sending young people off to die for its narrow interests . with the bipartisan vote in the u . s . house of representatives to increase the military budget by 75 billion - - a figure that represents more than the entire military budget of the russian federation - - it is no longer accurate to characterize this grotesque proposal as a trump proposal . the commitment to full spectrum dominance has always had bipartisan support , but democrats and their liberal allies have been able to present its militarism as somehow more benevolent than the republicans . since the collapse of the soviet union and the emergence of the u . s . as the world s predominant global power , the commitment to maintain u . s . hegemony and its predatory form of capitalism known as neoliberalism has always been a bipartisan objective . u . s . capitalists have their eyes on newly discovered and untapped mineral reserves estimated at a value of over one trillion dollars . candidate trump questioned the wisdom of u . s . involvement in afghanistan seeing it as a lost cause that wasted resources and lives . now president trump has a different take . joining the last two presidents before him , he adopted the agenda of military - industrial elites who see the necessity for a permanent u . s . presence in the country resulting in the u . s . and its natO partners establishing nine permanent military bases in the country . the u . s . , as part of the u . s . / eu / natO axis of domination , has been responsible for unspeakable acts of violence in every part of the world with most of the victims of u . s . state violence being the non - european peoples of the world . in an obscene testament to u . s . vanity and the psychopathological commitment to global white supremacy , billions have already been wasted , almost three thousand u . s . lives lost and over 100 , 000 dead . it is time to admit defeat in afghanistan and bring the war to an end . justice and common sense demand that the bloodletting stop . ajamu baraka was the 2016 candidate for vice president on the green party ticket . he is an editor and columnist for the black agenda report and contributing columnist for counterpunch magazine . his latest publications include contributions to killing trayvons : an anthology of american violence ( counterpunch books , 2014 ) , imagine : living in a socialist usa ( harpercollins , 2014 ) and claim no easy victories : the legacy of amilcar cabral ( cOdesria , 2013 ) . he can be reached at www . ajamubaraka . com
view gallery the chinese academy of chinese acadamy of sciences has just cloned the first ever primates using the same method that brought us , dolly , the sheep . if you are unfamiliar with dolly , she was the first ever mammal cloned and is by far the most famous clone . animal cloning from an adult cell is much more difficult than from an embryonic cell . so when scientists working at the roslin institute in scotland produced dolly , the only lamb born from 277 attempts , it was a major news story around the world . to produce dolly , scientists used an udder cell from a six - year - old finn dorset white sheep . they had to find a way to reprogram the udder cells to keep them alive but stop them growing which they achieved by altering the growth medium ( the soup in which the cells were kept alive ) . then they injected the cell into an unfertilized egg cell which had had its nucleus removed , and made the cells fuse by using electrical pulses . the unfertilized egg cell came from a scottish blackface ewe . when the research team had managed to fuse the nucleus from the adult white sheep cell with the egg cell from the black - faced sheep , they needed to make sure that the resulting cell would develop into an embryo . they cultured it for six or seven days to see if it divided and developed normally , before implanting it into a surrogate mother , another scottish blackface ewe . dolly had a white face . from 277 cell fusions , 29 early embryos developed and were implanted into 13 surrogate mothers . but only one pregnancy went to full term , and the 6 . 6 kg finn dorset lamb 6 LLs ( alias dolly ) was born after 148 days . animalresearch . info the difference with these monkeys compared to dolly is that the fact they are primates which brings scientists one step closer to being able to clone humans these baby monkeys look adorable and for right now are both considered to be in good health . the two identical long - tailed macaques named zhong zhong and hua hua were born eight and six weeks ago at a laboratory in china . i know you probably thought having a clone would be awesome , i know i have . think about it for those days you don t feel like getting out of bed and going to school / work you can just send your clone or when you have to go to dinner with your girlfriends family during the big game you can just send your clone . at the same time , it s actually kind of terrifying because for all we know people can make clones of you without your knowledge and then you just have this other you walking around . there is still a ways to go till they have the ability to clone humans safely not to mention all the ethical hurdles they would have to overcome . this is definitely something to stay woke too .
on friday , trump hypocritically signed an mlk day proclamation , after he lambasted haiti , el salvador , and other african nations by referring to them as shithole countries . on monday , martin luther king jr . day , people are remembering trump s words and some are speaking out in accordance . on monday , senator lindsey graham ( r - sc ) leveled heavy criticism on trump for his recent remarks . graham referred to the bipartisan immigration plan , saying : it is going to take you , mr . president , working with republicans and democrats to get this done . it s not going to be done on twitter , by tweeting . it s got to be done by talking and understanding . graham took more shots at trump , and went on to say : the discourse right now is pretty low . those of us in my business need to up their game . it s pretty embarrassing when you have to take your children out of the room to report the news . graham also praised mlk for his legacy and message of focusing on hearts of people when working for positive change in america . he continued with some important words : i told the folks here today the best way to honor martin luther king in 2018 for me is to make sure that we don t go backward . we may not go forward as fast as we would like . we may have differences about what forward looks like . but we sure as hell know what backward looks like . and we re not going backward . senator graham also ended by urging mr . trump to fix daca as soon as possible . he said : mr . president , close the deal 80 percent of americans want to give the daca kids a better life , 80 percent of americans want to secure the border and fix our broken immigration system . trump , while senate minority whip dick durbin ( d - il ) explaining the immigration plan to him during the oval office meeting , said : why do we need more haitians take them out . the day after the meeting on daca , trump tweeted : the so - called bipartisan daca deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of republican senators and congressmen was a big step backwards . wall was not properly funded , chain lottery were made worse Usa would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime countries which are doing badly . i want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level . i want safety and security for our people . i want to stop the massive inflow of drugs . i want to fund our military , not do a dem defund . . because of the democrats not being interested in life and safety , daca has now taken a big step backwards . the dems will threaten shutdown , but what they are really doing is shutting down our military , at a time we need it most . get smart , make america great agaiN according to cNN the january 19 deadline for reaching agreement on government spending is rapidly approaching which many democrats insist must include immigration and the deferred action for childhood arrivals program is set to end in early march . twitter responded back to senator graham : featured image by lou rocco / abc via getty images
it s only fitting that those who have lost their lives during military service are honored in the most respectable way possible . that is why the patriot guard riders ( pgr ) do what they do . the organization consists of a group of members who attend the funerals of u . s . military members , police , and firefighters at the request of the deceased person s family . their roles include honor guard operations at military burials , protection of mourners , and filling out of the ranks at indigent and homeless veteran burials . in addition to these responsibilities , the national organization also does volunteer work for veteran s organizations and hosts homecoming celebrations . the pgr was front and center when staff sgt . jonathan turner lost his life due to combat - related injuries a year after he retired . tuner served seven tours in iraq and afghanistan and was residing in california when he died . because his family was located in georgia they were unable to attend his funeral in california . this is when the pgr stepped in and made sure that turner s remains would get back to his family properly , instead of being shipped back via fedex . the california patriot guard riders contacted all of the state captains from california to georiga and explained the situation , that it wasn t proper to ship this war hero home via fedex , jeff goodiel of the georgia patriot guard riders said . within days , a convoy was assembled with each state s patriot guard riders driving turner s cremated remains across their state and then passing those remains off to the next group of riders . this particular trip marked a historical moment for the pgr as it was the longest trip of its kind . but this didn t stop volunteers from joining in on the 2 , 000 - mile ride to deliver the remains in a respectable manner . it s heartwarming , to see all these people here , said annie glanton , turner s mother , i know that he was loved by a lot of people . turner was a great leader who inspired his fellow marines , both in the corps and in daily life , a statement on the pgr website states , asserting that turner was well worth the trip . you were his friend if you knew him for five minutes or five years . he would give you the shirt off his back . the video below shows the process that the pgr undergoes in order to safely and respectfully transfer the remains . taking good care of turner s medals , documents , the flag , and remains , the riders ensure that each item is safely encased before it is passed along from one rider to the next . in addition to these items and the remains , every rider who was involved in the process signs a bible that is transferred and given to turner s family . the entire time this process is going on two of the riders are holding up the united states marine corps flag , showing the ultimate respect for ssgt . turner . commenters had positive things to say about the inspiring group
we all want to live a vibrant life full of excitement , adventure and learning . while some of us will get to see more of the world than others , it does not mean we all cannot get the most out of life . for most of us , the key things in life are spending time with loved one s and getting to pick and choose the types of careers we have . janet white was able to live a life that most of us would be proud of . the new york city native spared no time in going after the things she loved to do . her passion was evident in all her vocations , whether it was gardening , running a dairy farm , or traveling with her husband . it was not until later in life that she was able to get away and see part of the world . in her 60 s she took off with her husband to hong kong and then the soviet union . even though all these accomplishments are impressive to say the last , they do not paint the complete picture of who janet smith was , or how she was viewed in the community . the skill with which most people will remember her was quilt making . she created many wonderful quilts with immaculate designs over her long life . with over 100 quilts to her name , most of them given as gifts to her family or friends in the community , janet was able to put her creative juices to work and leave a lasting impression on people . she even made four quilts for her unmarried grandchildren because she wanted to offer them something for the special day women like janet do not come around much , and their important contribution to life must be remembered . how lasting an impression as meaningful as it gets . janet passed away at the age of 84 , and at her funeral , her community came out in support of her wonderful life . her family draped her quilts on the church pews as a symbolic reminder of her generosity and talent . it was a touching moment for everyone at the funeral who knew janet and understood just how deep and giving her spirit was . people who read about his and were not even there had emotional reactions to this gesture . one online reader commented : i m getting a little choked up reading this . the description of the life your grandmother lived seems magnificent and extravagant and it really makes me want to branch out and really truly live life . or take this reflection from another reader : the fact that a mere description of what she did can evoke such an emotional response from a total stranger is absolutely unique . my condolences for your grandmother . we find hero s and leaders in everyday people as long as we look close enough . there are people like janet in your community fighting the good fight and living life like it is a gift all you have to do is find them and you will be inspired to live the same way
when you read , you give yourself the opportunity to immerse yourself in a different world , launching yourself into an adventure you wouldn t otherwise be able to take . reading is a gift , which is why books are such an important part of life . one of the best things about books is that they are timeless . it doesn t matter when they were written , they always offer a chance to the reader to dive into a different world , serving as a perfect chance to escape from a life that is otherwise mundane . thanks to writers who have spilled their creativity out on the pages , we are allowed to enjoy a different time period and a different adventure just by opening up a book . unfortunately , sometimes when people are done with a book , they toss it in the trash and say goodbye to it forever . instead of giving someone else the opportunity to share in the potential adventure , books often end up in landfills with the rest of the trash . this was a common theme until some trash collectors in ankara decided to put other people s trash to good use . not only did the trash collectors collect the discarded books , but they went on to open up their own library stocked with the books that they considered to be treasures . after months of the sanitation workers collecting the books , neighbors caught on to their new hobby and started donating books to them , expanding their collection . it started out with the books being solely for the sanitation employees and their families to enjoy , but word spread fast and due to the considerable amount of interest in the books , a public library was opened last september . we started to discuss the idea of creating a library from these books . and when everyone supported it , this project happened , said ankaya mayor alper tasdelen , whose local government oversaw the opening of the library . ranging from literature to nonfiction , the library has over 6 , 000 books today and it even has a popular kid s section with comic books . there is a section of the library that was designed for scientific research and gives students and professionals a chance to explore their specialties . bilingual visitors are encouraged to visit the library and there are books in both english and french . the building that houses the library was a previously abandoned brick factory located at the sanitation headquarters . with an old exterior and long corridors that are perfect for holding rows and shelves of books , the building is perfect for the library . like most libraries , the books are loaned out for a two - week period and can be extended if needed . the books are truly a gift to the community . on one hand , there were those who were leaving these books on the streets . on the other hand , others were looking for these books , tasdelen said . because the collection grew so big , books are loaned out to schools , educational programs , and even prisons , benefiting everyone involved . village schoolteachers from all over turkey are requesting books , tasdelen said . the city government also hired a full - time employee to manage the library . the library is particularly popular for cyclists who stop by on their route for a cup of tea . before , i wished that i had a library in my house . now we have a library here , serhat baytemur , a 32 - year - old garbage collector , told state media .
starbucks can be a great place to get luxurious coffee products . but it is also a place where freelancers go to work on their projects . whether they are writers or designers or business people , starbucks can offer a safe place for people to drink their beverage of choice while getting work done . yes , it is expensive at the coffee shop , but each starbucks promises the same atmosphere . and that s what they seem to be charging for . although you might assume starbucks employees are stuck in a dead - end job , the corporation tries to empower their workers . they offer a college program that encourages baristas to continue their education , and starbucks will even put toward that goal . and workers develop a strong sense of community among themselves and the customers whom they see every day . shantaphae blakes , who works as a barista part - time at a starbucks , works predominately as a full - time mom . it is hard work balancing all the responsibilities and getting someone to watch after her daughter , dilynn . but on a cold morning last month , shantaphae called he supervisor in tears . she was ready to go to work , but at 4 : 30 am that morning , no one was available to watch her daughter . 21 - year - old harper spell , the shift supervisor at the winston - salem , north carolina starbucks spoke to tOday about what happened next . she was so upset , spell told tOday . ( blakes ) said , i have dilynn in the back seat . would it be ok if i came i just said , don t worry about it . i need you here . we ll take care of dilynn , when the 26 - year - old mother arrived at starbucks , she took her baby to a table . and the shift supervisor and the restaurant manager offered to be dilynn s second mom for the day . the manager needed shantaphae on the job , but understood the reality of being a mother . she offered to help the young mother out generously . she was just wide - eyed , watching us , said spell . we gave her a few little things to play with , something to eat , and she was good . although the supervisor s offer was unconventional , it was honest and filled with joy and love . although dilynn was doing well so early in the morning , the supervisor worried that the little girl would get fussy during the morning rush . as if on cue , regular customers from the north carolina state troopers walked in the door . trooper brad marshall wanted his morning coffee , but he also wanted to help . and because he knew that the morning rush was coming , and he did not have any pressing incidents to report to , he offered to serve his community . trooper brad came in , and he offered to sit with dilynn while we worked , spell said . he stayed for over an hour . never in a million years did i think that ( a trooper ) would just do that , just stay and hang around and help . when shantaphae saw how well the trooper was taking care of her daughter , she was overcome with gratitude . it just blew me away . it was wonderful , the mom said . it shocked me . it made me feel so much better . it takes a village to raise a child .
mr . trump has gone to his mar - a - lago beach club in palm beach , florida , at least ten times since his inauguration , and has visited his properties for more than 33 percent of the time he has been in office . he has also spent more than 25 percent of his days at golf courses . he visits one of his properties nearly every weekend , but bragged that when he became president he wouldn t have time to play golf . according to nbc news : but more than four months into his term , trump has visited golf courses at a faster clip than his three most recent predecessors , according to the new york times . politifact reports that as of november 2017 , trump is confirmed to have golfed 35 times , while at the same point in his presidency , obama had golfed just 11 times . during the campaign , trump argued that americans should vote for him because he would rarely leave washington . he promised that he wouldn t go golfing or take vacations because there was too much work to do . now , after a year ago when spoiled food was found at the mar - a - lago resort , trump s winter white house was just cited by inspectors for poor maintenance . according to the miami herald : trump s club , located on a beachfront property where the historic main house was built in the 1920 s for cereals heiress marjorie merriweather post , was cited nov . 8 for two violations deemed high priority : the lack of smoke detectors capable of alerting the hearing impaired through flashing bright lights ; and slabs of concrete missing from a staircase , exposing steel rebar that could cause someone to fall . the inspection code reads : high priority lodging violations are those which could pose a direct or significant threat to the public health , safety , or welfare , the inspection code reads . the club was re - checked nov . 17 , a week before trump s return for his thanksgiving vacation , and this time met inspection standards . it cost 200 , 000 in initiation fees to trump s mar - a - lago club , which has two restaurants and a bed - and - breakfast . according to state records , mar - a - lago was in need of repairs in order to pass the inspection in november . the miami herald also reported : among the no - nos was the staff s failure to track the freshness of potentially hazardous foods , including curry sauce dated oct . 21 pulled from a freezer and improperly marked , milk stored at 49 degrees instead of the safe temperature of 41 degrees , and cases of hot dogs stored on the ground of the walk - in freezer . apparently , too , the japanese prime minister shinzo abe may have been served sushi back in february 2017 that had not been treated for parasites prior to eating . health inspectors found out the sushi was not treated just days before his visit . the club was also cited for storing food in two broken down coolers at temperatures that caused fresh ingredients to spoil . the inspections in november yielded 15 violations that needed to be corrected . however , the kitchens did pass the inspections on the first try . here is a report that gives a detail of violations from nine months ago : so , it appears that mar - a - lago is the real sh * thole . on saturday night , robin bell , founder of bell visuals , projected the word shithole along with poop emojis onto trump s d . c . hotel . maybe he needs to bring it to palm beach . featured image by davidoff studios / getty images
truza jamal hassan a 19 - year - old former student who allegedly set the fires around the st . catherine university campus in minneapolis in retaliation for u . s . military intervention in iraq and afghanistan , told police you guys are lucky that i don t know how to build a bomb . she wanted the school to burn to the ground and that her intent was to hurt people , according to the complaint charging her with one count of felony first - degree arson . ( OnLy one count ) star tribune ( h / t jeanne t ) according to the charge , hassan said similar attacks happened on muslim land and no one cared if muslims were hurt . she told police and fire investigators , you guys are lucky that i don t know how to build a bomb because i would have done that . according to the charge , hassan said similar attacks happened on muslim land and no one cared if muslims were hurt . she told police and fire investigators , you guys are lucky that i don t know how to build a bomb because i would have done that . ( phOtO remOVed ) st catherines demanded removal of the photos of the school and their muslim students that i had posted here , which are widely available on google images . i guess this catholic university is embarrassed at having muslim terrorists among their students . no one was hurt in the incident that began about 11 : 40 a . m . with the first reported fire , and ended about 2 p . m . with hassan s arrest on campus . ramsey county jail records show that she was arrested at the school s jeanne d arc auditorium at 2004 randolph ave . hassan made her first appearance in court friday afternoon , where bail was set at 100 , 000 . she was also ordered to stay away from the campus and surrender her passport . hassan wore an orange jumpsuit under an apparent makeshift hijab that consisted of a black face covering that exposed only her eyes and what appeared to be a large white sheet draped over her head . assistant ramsey county attorney margaret galvin said that authorities are investigating possible international ties to hassan . ( perhaps they should be looking into the backgrounds of aLL the muslim students at st catherine s , where they seem to be overrepresented . funny , how we never see or hear about any catholic students being admitted to islamic universities ) ( phOtO remOVed ) st catherines demanded removal of the photos of the school and their muslim students that i had posted here , which are widely available on google images . i guess this catholic university is embarrassed at having muslim terrorists among their students . she said she had been a student at saint catherine s but quit last fall because she and her family were planning to vacation in ethiopia , the complaint said . hassan said she started the fires because she s been reading about the u . s . military destroying schools in iraq and afghanistan and she felt that she should do exactly the same thing . ( phOtO remOVed ) st catherines demanded removal of the photos of the school and their muslim students that i had posted here , which are widely available on google images . i guess this catholic university is embarrassed at having muslim terrorists among their students . she said that her fire - starting was not as successful as she had wanted . she said the most successful fire she set was at saint mary s [ residence hall ] where she set a couch on fire . ( phOtO remOVed ) st catherines demanded removal of the photos of the school and their muslim students that i had posted here , which are widely available on google images . i guess this catholic university is embarrassed at having muslim terrorists among their students . books , toilet paper and sanitary napkins were among the objects set on fire , st . paul assistant fire chief mike gaede and sara berhow , a university spokeswoman , said wednesday . gaede said the largest object burned was a chair in st . mary s . ( phOtO remOVed ) st catherines demanded removal of the photos of the school and their muslim students that i had posted here , which are widely available on google images . i guess this catholic university is embarrassed at having muslim terrorists among their students . dennis gerhardstein , a spokesman for the ramsey county attorney s office , said authorities charged hassan for the number of fires four that allowed prosecutors to file the most severe form of felony arson . ( phOtO remOVed ) st catherines demanded removal of the photos of the school and their muslim students that i had posted here , which are widely available on google images . i guess this catholic university is embarrassed at having muslim terrorists among their students . the fire in st . mary s was extinguished by a sprinkler system . the complaint said 33 children and eight adults were at a day care in the building at the time . galvin said that 10 to 15 students were also evacuated from the building . hassan allegedly told police that she had written a letter to her roommates containing radical ideas about supporting muslims and bringing back the caliphate , the complaint said . perhaps st catherine s should think twice about admitting muslim students to their college ( phOtO remOVed ) st catherines demanded removal of the photos of the school and their muslim students that i had posted here , which are widely available on google images . i guess this catholic university is embarrassed at having muslim terrorists among their students .
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
enderly park is blistering under an unseasonable september heat , and frank byers saunters across tuckaseegee road to the rec center where he likes to play cards with his neighbors . he doesn t use the crosswalk , but in many ways he s earned
in what is being described as a major break from tradition , canadians across the globe are embracing and celebrating american thanksgiving this year , specifically giving thanks they re not american . for the first time ever , despite celebrating their own thanksgiving only 6 short weeks ago , citizens of the great white north are coming together with family and friends to give thanks they re not presently residing in the united states . when you see what s going on down there , specifically in the past 206 days , it really just puts things into perspective , one canadian woman posted on facebook . makes you want to grab your loved ones close and thank god none of you are american . another man who described himself as a proud canadian , today admitted he was celebrating an american holiday for the first time . last year i needed life saving surgery i couldn t afford and the canadian government didn t let me die , so yeah , i m pretty thankful i m not american , he tweeted . cBc news interviewed one local calgary family , the roberts , who were busy going around the dinner table , each giving a reason why they re thankful to not be from the usa . abortion , gun control , oh , oh , trump , spacey , harvey weinstein declared the youngest child . oh , those are good ones , mrs roberts replied , reminding the children of the importance of understanding exactly why to be so thankful they re not part of the 50 states . the roberts eldest daughter , explained some of the differences between the two countries she s most thankful for , saying : you know it s the little things . like when i go to the mall or to school in canada i m like a lot less likely to be killed by an assault rifle than if i were in the states , so i m thankful for that i guess and you know , healthcare has its uses i suppose . meanwhile in a televised address , prime minister trudeau stopped short of declaring the day an official canadian holiday but reminded canadians to remember those less fortunate . today , let us all come together and remember that no matter what i m doing , it could be worse , the pm said in the house of commons . all canadians should give thanks we didn t have to choose between clinton or trump . not every country is so lucky to have such amazing politicians as canada . did you know the BsJ is now on the internet please follow us on facebook and twitter , or support us on patreon
washington , dc just hours after testifying before the house intelligence committee that his meeting with russian officials had no connection to the 2016 u . s . election , donald trump jr . has strongly denied any association to the white house . in a statement read by his lawyer , sergei mikhailov , the american president s son strenuously denied any and all ties to the current administration in america . donald jr . has no involvement with the white house or the american government whatsoever , mr . mikhailov said . all issues relating to the american government have been placed firmly in the hands of the president s other children ivanka , eric , tiffany and baron . my client does not really know mr . trump , has had no contact with him nor has he ever even held a personal conversation with him in his entire life , donald jr . s attorney added , declaring any reports to the contrary are fake news . furthermore mr . mikhailov announced that his client would never cheapen his relationship with the russian government by discussing political matters with the american government . my client would also like to assure any members of the russian government present here today that my client has no divided loyalty and is firmly committed to promoting russia s interests both at home and internationally , he said . sources inside the white house laughed off donald jr . s claims , saying he lied about everything except for having never had a personal conversation with his father in 39 years . meanwhile trump s critics have argued that donald jr . doing nothing to actively help the american people , makes him the perfect representative of the current white house administration . for the latest breaking news , follow us on facebook and twitter , or support us on patreon
washington , dc the news of donald trump s approval rating reaching 45 in one opinion poll has been labelled historic by white house officials , who today confirmed the president s approval rating has risen above his iq for the first time . white house press secretary , sarah huckabee sanders , refused to confirm trump s actual iq but acknowledged he was the first president in u . s . history to reach the historic milestone , capping off a year of many firsts for america s highest office . no president has ever done it before and all within his first 12 months . he just keeps surprising us all . it s remarkable , sanders said . president trump is incredibly proud of himself and well he should be . with this being the only opinion poll to show trump s approval rating at 45 , there are also varying reports on the president s iq , with estimates ranging from as high as 44 to as low as minus 8 . regardless , an understandably joyous trump revelled in the news that he finally had the popularity to match his undoubted intelligence . of course we all know i always had the brains , and obViouslY the looks , but now i have the popularity too . totalpackage the president tweeted his 44 million followers . i m getting numbers that no president has ever got , he continued . barack could only dream of getting numbers like mine . obama was so unpopular , trump added , of the man with 92 million twitter followers . his approval rating nEVEr went over his iq once in 8 years . he never even came close . pathetic former president obama did not reply to the tweet directly but did like it . with such positive numbers across the board , trump will now focus solely on his golfing handicap having had such little time to spend on the course so far as president . how proud of president trump are you let us know on facebook and twitter , or support us on patreon for more
judicial watch judicial watch , inc . , a conservative , non - partisan educational foundation , promotes transparency , accountability and integrity in government , politics and the law . through its educational endeavors , judicial watch advocates high standards of ethics and morality in our nation s public life and seeks to ensure that political and judicial officials do not abuse the powers entrusted to them by the american people . judicial watch fulfills its educational mission through litigation , investigations , and public outreach . most recent articles by judicial watch : jan 25 , 2018 judicial watch ( washington , dc ) judicial watch announced today that it filed a freedom of information ( foia ) lawsuit against the justice department for text messages and other records of fbi official peter strzok and fbi attorney lisa page ( judicial watch v . u . s . department of justice ( no . 1 : 18 - cv - 00154 ) ) . jan 24 , 2018 judicial watch ( washington , dc ) judicial watch today announced that justice department refuses to release the proposed budget of robert mueller s special counsel office . judicial watch is seeking the information through a freedom of information act ( foia ) lawsuit . judicial watch sought the copy of the budget prepared or submitted by special counsel robert mueller . but , on friday , january 19 , the justice department notified judicial watch that it refuses to turn over documents , stating : seven pages were located that contain records responsive to your request . we have determined that this material should be withheld in full because it is protected from disclosure under the foia . the justice department asserts the mueller budget information cannot be released because its release could interfere with law enforcement proceedings and the material is protected from disclosure by the deliberative process privilege . jan 23 , 2018 judicial watch court documents recently filed by the government further rock the credibility of russia special counsel robert mueller because they show that as fbi director mueller he worked to cover up the connection between a florida saudi family and the 9 / 11 terrorist attacks . the documents reveal that mueller was likely involved in publicly releasing deceptive official agency statements about a secret investigation of the saudis , who lived in sarasota , with ties to the hijackers . a florida journalism nonprofit uncovered the existence of the secret fbi investigation that was also kept from congress . jan 19 , 2018 judicial watch ( washington , dc ) judicial watch today released 78 pages of new documents from the u . s . department of state containing emails of former secretary of state hillary clinton sent and received over her unsecure , non - state . gov email system . three of the email exchanges include classified information . the emails also reveal that clinton had detailed knowledge about the security issues with in her non - state department email system . jan 16 , 2018 judicial watch over the years , judicial watch has obtained documents detailing the clintons corrupt influence in haiti . tons of money were funneled via the clinton foundation through recovery efforts in conjunction with the state department during the 2010 hati earthquake . among the waste , fraud , and abuse that occured , 170 million was spent on a power plant that was never completed . read more about the story here : jan 12 , 2018 judicial watch ( washington , dc ) judicial watch president tom fitton made the following statement regarding last night s ruling by united states district judge james e . boasberg that the fbi must turn over to the court for in camera , non - public review former fbi director james comey s memos allegedly detailing conversations he had with president donald trump : the court , in seeking to review the documents , shows it doesn t trust the fbi or justice department s representations about the infamous comey memos . we hope now that americans are one step closer to knowing the facts about these memos , which were written and leaked for pernicious purposes to target a sitting president with a criminal investigation . it s high time they begin to see the light of day . we re glad the court followed up on our specific suggestion that it review the documents directly . jan 8 , 2018 judicial watch a joint investigation by the washington examiner and the nonprofit watchdog group judicial watch found that former president clinton gave 215 speeches and earned 48 million while his wife presided over u . s . foreign policy , raising questions about whether the clintons fulfilled ethics agreements related to the clinton foundation during hillary clinton s tenure as secretary of state . according to documents obtained by judicial watch and released wednesday in an ongoing freedom of information act case , state department officials charged with reviewing bill clinton s proposed speeches did not object to a single one . more jan 5 , 2018 judicial watch ( washington , dc ) judicial watch revealed today that there are at least 18 classified emails in the 798 documents recently produced by the state department from the fbi s investigation into former secretary of state hillary clinton s elicit email system . the emails were found on the laptop of anthony weiner , who is the estranged husband of former clinton aide huma abedin . abedin was clinton s deputy chief of staff . weiner is a disgraced former congressman and new york mayoral candidate who pleaded guilty to transferring obscene material to a minor . abedin kept a non - state . gov email account on hillary clinton s notorious email server that she used repeatedly for government business . dec 19 , 2017 judicial watch ( washington , dc ) judicial watch last week asked a federal court to unseal the depositions of lois lerner , the former director of the exempt organizations unit of the internal revenue service ( irs ) , and holly paz , her top aide and former irs director of office of rulings and agreements . both played key roles in the targeting of conservative nonprofit groups opposed to obama policies in the run up to the 2012 presidential election . the request came in an amicus curiae brief filed with the u . s . district court for the southern district of ohio , western division supporting norcal tea party patriots class action lawsuit seeking the unsealing of the depositions ( norcal tea party patriots , et al . v . the internal revenue service , et al . ( no . 1 : 13 - cv - 00341 ) ) . the depositions were sealed by a federal judge after lerner s and paz s lawyers claimed the two were receiving threats . judicial watch s brief argues that the documents sought may shed light on government misconduct , and the shielding of internal government deliberations does not serve the public s interest . dec 14 , 2017 judicial watch washington judicial watch announced today that it filed a federal lawsuit against los angeles county and the state of california over their failure to clean their voter rolls and to produce election - related records as required by the federal national voter registration act ( nvra ) ( judicial watch , inc . et al . v . dean c . logan , et al . ( no . 2 : 17 - cv - 08948 ) ) . the lawsuit was filed in the united states district court for the central district of california s western division on behalf of judicial watch , election integrity project california , inc . , and wolfgang kupka , rhue guyant , jerry griffin , and delores m . mars , who are lawfully registered voters in los angeles county . judicial watch argues that the state of california and a number of its counties , including the county of los angeles , have registration rates exceeding 100 : dec 14 , 2017 judicial watch washington judicial watch today filed a freedom of information act ( foia ) lawsuit against the federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) for records about the removal and reassignment of peter strzok , a former deputy to the assistant director for counterintelligence at the fbi , from the special counsel s investigative team led by former fbi director robert mueller . strzok also was the fbi s second in command of counterintelligence and chief of the investigation into hillary clinton s illicit email server , interviewing hillary clinton himself on july 2 , 2016 . dec 4 , 2017 judicial watch washington , judicial watch today announced that the superior court of california , san francisco county overruled san francisco sheriff vicky hennessy s move to end a judicial watch taxpayer lawsuit challenging the sheriff s sanctuary policy . the lawsuit challenges restrictions on the ability of sheriff s deputies to communicate freely with immigration and custom enforcement ( ice ) about inmates citizenship , immigration status , and release dates ( cynthia cerletti v . vicki hennessy , sheriff ( no . cgc - 16 - 556164 ) ) . the november 21 , 2017 ruling came in a december 2016 lawsuit brought by judicial watch on behalf of california taxpayer cynthia cerletti . the lawsuit alleges sheriff hennessy s restrictions on communications with ice conflict with federal immigration law and are therefore invalid . dec 1 , 2017 judicial watch ( washington , dc judicial watch released 29 pages of federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) documents related to the june 27 , 2016 , tarmac meeting between former attorney general loretta lynch and former president bill clinton . the documents show that fbi officials were more concerned about leaks than the actual meeting itself . the new documents also show that then - fbi director comey seemed to learn of the meeting from news reports . nov 21 , 2017 judicial watch washington , judicial watch announced today that it filed a freedom of information act ( foia ) lawsuit against the u . s . department of state for all records about the podesta group inc . and the european centre for a modern ukraine , which have both been connected to the recent special counsel indictment of paul manafort . ( judicial watch v . u . s . department of state ( no . 1 : 17 - cv - 02489 ) ) . nov 21 , 2017 judicial watch ( washington , dc ) judicial watch today released 79 pages of justice department documents concerning ethics issues related to fbi deputy director andrew mccabe s involvement with his wife s political campaign . the documents include an email showing mrs . mccabe was recruited for a virginia state senate race in february 2015 by then - virginia lieutenant governor ralph northam s office . the news that clinton used a private email server broke five days later , on march 2 , 2015 . five days after that , former clinton foundation board member and democrat party fundraiser , virginia governor terry mcauliffe , met with the mccabes . she announced her candidacy on march 12 . soon afterward , clinton / mcauliffe - aligned political groups donated nearly 700 , 000 ( 40 of the campaign s total funds ) to mccabe s wife for her campaign . nov 9 , 2017 judicial watch ( washington , dc ) judicial watch announced today that the justice department is now comparing former fbi director james comey to wikileaks . after comey was fired by president trump on may 9 , 2017 , he gave the new york times a february 14 , 2017 , memorandum written about a one - on - one conversation he had with president trump regarding former national security advisor michael flynn . judicial watch is asking a federal court to order the release of all comey s unclassified memoranda about his one - on - one conversations with the president . comey testified under oath before the u . s . senate select committee on intelligence that he authored as many as nine such memos about his one - on - one conversations with president trump . he also admitted , regarding the flynn memo , i asked a friend of mine to share the content of the memo with a reporter [ for the new york times ] i asked him to because i thought that might prompt the appointment of a special counsel . the new york times published a report about the memo on may 16 , 2017 . special counsel robert mueller was appointed the following day . oct 27 , 2017 judicial watch ( washington , dc ) judicial watch today announced it filed a lawsuit on behalf of howard m . berry , the father of the late u . s . army sgt . joshua a . berry , against the secretaries of defense and army to award the purple heart to sgt . berry for injuries sustained in the 2009 international terrorist attack at fort hood , texas ( howard m . berry v . ryan d . mccarthy , acting secretary of the army and james mattis , secretary of defense ( no . 1 : 17 - cv - 02112 ) ) . oct 13 , 2017 judicial watch ( washington , dc ) judicial watch was informed yesterday by the u . s . department of justice ( doj ) that the fbi has located 30 pages of documents related to the june 27 , 2016 , tarmac meeting between former attorney general loretta lynch and former president bill clinton , and proposes non - exempt material be produced no later than november 30 , 2017 ( judicial watch v . u . s . department of justice ( no . 1 : 16 - cv - 02046 ) ) . oct 13 , 2017 judicial watch ( washington , dc ) judicial watch released two new productions of documents ( 45 pages and 680 pages ) from the department of homeland security revealing that hundreds of counties across the u . s . denied immigration and customs enforcement s ( ice ) detainer requests for criminal illegal aliens in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 . the retainer requests , containing specific information about scores of criminal charges against released aliens , were not included in the declined detainer outcome reports ( ddor ) the trump administration suspended in early april after only three weeks of publication . judicial watch forced the release of the homeland security documents as a result of a court order in a may 26 , 2017 , foia lawsuit filed after homeland security failed to respond to an april 13 , 2017 foia request ( judicial watch v . u . s . department of homeland security ( no . 1 : 17 - cv - 01008 ) ) . judicial watch seeks : sep 14 , 2017 judicial watch ( washington , dc ) judicial watch today released 1 , 617 new pages of documents from the u . s . department of state revealing numerous additional examples of classified information being transmitted through the unsecure , non - state . gov account of huma abedin , former secretary of state hillary clinton s deputy chief of staff , as well as many instances of hillary clinton donors receiving special favors from the state department .
subscribe to canada free press for free way too generous to childhood arrivals , and no serious commitment to border security trump responds to flake / graham / durbin immigration proposal : i do not think so i m not sure what more anyone would have expected from these three . graham has never been serious about immigration enforcement . flake has come to identify as nothing more than a trump antagonist . durbin is . . . dick durbin . i have more sympathy for the plight of childhood arrival than your typical conservative , and i think there should be a legislative fix that makes it possible for them to stay here legally ( as opposed to the daca approach that simply ignores statutory law ) , but when this is your starting offer , you re not going to get far . and they didn t : the graham - durbin plan would legalize the dreamers , with a 10 - to - 12 - year path to citizenship , and provide about 2 . 7 billion in funding for border security and operations . it would end the diversity visa lottery , which randomly awards 50 , 000 green cards to would - be immigrants from underrepresented countries , and impose a modest limit on green - card holders to sponsor adult children for immigration to the u . s . ms . sanders s remarks were in keeping with past statements from the white house on the issue , but took on increased significance tuesday as lawmakers take up the immigration issue again in the wake of the brief government shutdown . ms . sanders had said monday that mr . trump would follow through on a promise to work on immigration policy after republicans and democrats reached a deal to reopen federal agencies . that same day , mr . trump hosted a group of six republican senators who have taken a skeptical view of a broad immigration overhaul that would include a long - term deal on the young immigrants sometimes known as dreamers . elements of the graham - durbin plan are likely to be part of the coming senate debate on immigration , which majority leader mitch mcconnell ( r . , ky . ) promised in return for democratic support for ending the government shutdown on monday . in the house , it would be a challenge to pass a bill without mr . trump s backing . house speaker paul ryan ( r . , wis . ) is under pressure from conservative house republicans to consider a separate bill from rep . bob goodlatte ( r . , va . ) . that bill , which ms . sanders said tuesday was something we would support , would provide 30 billion to build a wall along the mexico border and tighten border security , crack down on so - called sanctuary cities that don t cooperate with federal immigration enforcement , and require employers to use e - verify , which allows them to check prospective workers immigration status . it also would provide dreamers three years of renewable legal status but not green cards or a path to citizenship . can we first deal with this whole business of referring to childhood arrivals as dreamers that is an obama term through and through , a classic case of rebranding something to make it seem more sympathetic . the obama administration decided to pin this group with that label and the media enthusiastically co - opted it . it gives the impression we re talking about an earnest group of america - loving , civic - minded go - getters who are ready to change the world for the better if only the mean old iNs would bestow upon them the status of real americans . it s one thing for a partisan group of people to coin a term for propaganda purposes . it s another thing for the supposedly unbiased news media to adopt it as standard language , even capitalizing it and not bothering to apply scare quotes . at least this story dropped a sometimes known as with one reference , but it otherwise used the term as uncritically as you or i would use someone s first name . the accurate term for the people in question is childhood arrivals , and if you really want to be technical , illegal childhood arrivals . that said , i believe the right thing to do is to provide them with a legal way to live here via a change in the law . if your parents brought you here illegally when you were 10 years old , and you spent the rest of your childhood here , you have zero culpability in that . the responsibility lies 80 percent with your parents for breaking the law and 20 percent with a federal government that talks about immigration enforcement but almost never takes it seriously in practice .
build star wars now january 25 , 2018 what would ronald reagan say if he were alive today and saw hawaii living in fear , panicked by the false alarm of a nuclear missile strike from north korea surely , president reagan would ask : " why did you abandon my strategic defense initiative prospective space - based defenses won the cold war , and if deployed would have rendered nuclear missiles obsolete . sdi defeated the evil empire - will america be destroyed by nuclear pygmy north korea " beijing and moscow are quietly laughing . north korean nuclear missiles are built on russian and chinese technology - their north korean nuclear gun aimed at our head . significantly , north korea never makes nuclear threats against china or russia . ronald reagan was right that sdi - derided by the press as " star wars " - leveraged u . s . technological superiority to checkmate the ussr ' s nuclear threat , winning the cold war . liberal press and academics still belittle " star wars . " however , history and testimony of allies and adversaries alike supports ronald reagan ' s sdi . " there was one vital factor in the ending of the cold war . it was ronald reagan ' s decision to go ahead with the strategic defense initiative , " prime minister margaret thatcher once said . " our leadership was convinced that the great technical potential of the u . s . had scored again , " said soviet ambassador to the u . s . anatoly dobrynin . " behind all this [ sdi program ] lies the clear calculation that the ussr will exhaust its material resources , and therefore will finally be forced to surrender , " added ussr foreign minister andrei gromyko . another foreign minister , alexander bessmertnykh , agreed : " [ reagan ' s sdi speech ] made us realize we were in a very dangerous place . [ sdi ] accelerated the decline of the soviet union . " senior russian foreign policy analyst genrikh trofimenko said , in retrospect , " ninety - nine percent of russian people believe that you won the cold war because of your president ' s insistence on sdi . " sdi technology was proven and ready to deploy . but president clinton opposed " star wars " ideologically . protecting america risked mutual assured destruction ( mad ) and " strategic stability . " so clinton ' s secretary of defense , les aspin , boasted he " took the stars out of star wars " canceling sdi . what remains is the technologically truncated national missile defense that cannot defend allies and has hawaii hiding in bomb - shelters . we can win the new cold war by resurrecting sdi and deploying space - based missile defenses . we are still technologically superior to all potential adversaries and can leverage that superiority to protect america from growing nuclear missile threats . russia , china , and north korea are investing billions in nuclear missiles aimed at the united states . it would serve them right - and be the best guarantor of world peace - to checkmate their investment in offensive nuclear missiles with space - based defenses . space - based defenses offer revolutionary advantages over existing national missile defenses ( nmd ) , that cannot protect u . s . allies or bases overseas , might be hard - pressed to defend the u . s . mainland against increasingly sophisticated north korean threats , and cannot defend the u . s . from large - scale nuclear missile threats from russia or china . space - based defenses potentially can do all the above . sdi - type defenses can intercept missiles during all phases of flight : boost - phase , mid - course , and terminal - phase . such a system could shield u . s . allies and troops overseas ; much better protect hawaii , alaska , and distant u . s . territories ; and could not as easily be attacked , overwhelmed , or fooled with decoys as nmd . these advantageous characteristics of space - based defenses are all the more important because of the existential threat from nuclear electromagnetic pulse ( emp ) attack . even a single warhead successfully delivered against allies overseas or against the united states could black out an entire nation and kill millions . even a single weapon detonated for emp at mid - course , over the ocean , would have catastrophic consequences for the world economy . ambassador henry cooper warns : " whether deliberate or accidental , the emp from such high - altitude explosions could disable the world ' s entire undersea cable network that reportedly carries about 10 trillion of financial transactions in a single day as well as huge volumes of data , from e - mails to classified government - to - government information . " " star wars " would certainly not be seen as laughable by russia , china , and north korea , but as so technologically intimidating they would be far less likely to attack , and might even give up on nuclear blackmail . thus , we could win the new cold war with " star wars . " henceforth " star wars " should be an honorific . last but not least " star wars " would render mad obsolete , as ronald reagan intended , and really " provide for the common defense " of the american people , instead of merely avenging them . congress has given a gift to the american people in the fY 2018 national defense authorization act ( hr 2810 ) . it includes section 1685 , " boost phase ballistic missile defense , " and section 1688 , " plan for development of space - based ballistic missile intercept layer . " if president trump ' s ballistic missile defense review runs with these provisions , president reagan ' s vision will be realized of replacing the insanity of mad with the humanity of " star wars " as will his legacy of " peace through strength . " a version of this piece also appeared on the hill .
all the dank memes are gone , moved overseas . what s left is the pepes . worthless , rare pepes . after pepes appeared on the popular reddit - backed website imgflip and were subsequently mass - produced by college students rare pepes took a catastrophic plunge in lulz value . rare pepes were at one time so rare , people thought they d never lose value . in fact , prices even sustained over time as imgflip got stale . but somehow , the influx of pepes continued . through the popular underground imageboard 8 ch . net , pepes continuously emanated without explanation from the / b / subforum . like every meme consumed by 8 chan , rare pepes were first validated through the shitposting website reddit before adoption by 8 chan . as a result , rare pepes are now worthless and the internet once again shifts its focus to outmoded but ironic tweetie and sylvester jokes most commonly spread via facebook : a forced irony that will soon become canon .
a subdevelopment : and the crowds came down to break old malvern s legs . but they didn t stop there . they couldn t help themselves . they encircled him and snarled . this terrorist doesn t deserve to live among us . the civilized . arms were raised in celebration , and came down in a fury . the hurting stopped only because he died . now the malverns keep a stone by the fireplace , inscribed by the only malvern son . us . his peers lit a torch . his followers cut lumber like he was still there among them . watching . but no one watched their work that day . no one saw through the haze of malvern s memory . now a quiet settles like dust on the ruins of his achievements . at 4 a . m . the malvern wife and mother does watch . a calm washes over her as she surveys the wasteland . to know sweet mr . malvern never saw it with his own eyes , how she saw it , this colorless morning .
the articles by politico and media matters were promoted by last week s announcement that hhs was establishing the conscience and religious freedom division to review complaints on alleged violations of established federal law that prevents such discrimination . roger severino with the office of civil rights , who will serve as the director of the conscience and religious freedom division , is an accomplished lawyer . he graduated from harvard law school with a juris doctor degree . he has a master s degree in public policy with high distinction from carnegie mellon university and an undergraduate degree in business from the university of southern california , where he was a national merit scholar . severino was a trial attorney in the department of justice s civil rights division . he worked in the housing and civil enforcement section on dozens of district and appellate court matters , including issues involving the fair housing act and the religious land use and institutionalized persons act . despite severino s distinguished qualifications , politico criticizes him because he is catholic and pro - life . the article accuses him of weakening federal protections for abortion and transgender care . in reality , the hhs announcement simply affirmed that it will enforce existing law to protect the rights of conscience and religious freedom . shannon royce , the director of the center for faith - based and neighborhood partnerships established in 2001 , received her juris doctor degree from the george washington university school of law . in addition to her work in the private sector and on the hill , she has worked with senator charles grassley , who now chairs the senate judiciary committee . politico and media matters criticized royce for providing faith - based nonprofit organizations with the opportunity to comment on how hhs can be improved . royce s announcement was in october 2017 following complaints of discrimination by religious organizations in the wake of hurricane harvey in which some people complained that fema was discriminating against churches . however , royce s attempt to provide transparency to the hhs and solicit input was not criticized until the recent hhs announcement on the conscience and religious freedom division . following last week s announcement , political and media matters allege that royce is homophobic , pro - life , and an evangelical , said mat staver , founder and chairman of liberty counsel . in case these publications have not noticed , president trump is also pro - marriage and pro - life . royce and hhs serve under the direction of the president . while royce is pro - marriage , she is not homophobic . royce has always been respectful of people . name calling is all these publications can muster . and , yes , royce is evangelical . so what the constitution prohibits the very religious test that politico and media matters appear to favor , said staver . our constitution never excludes people from public service because they are catholic or evangelical . the constitution prohibits any religious test to serve the public . roger severino and shannon royce are honorable people and are highly qualified to serve in their appointed capacities . i understand that politicoand media matters have their own liberal political agenda and neither publication likes the 2016 election results . they are entitled to their opinion but not to unfounded allegations or histrionic name - calling , said staver .
we all have a favorite color , you know , that one color that sticks out more than the rest whether we like to admit it or not . according to something c
for some reason , people tend to think that anxiety and depression are the same things . while these are both very common mental illnesses that do tend to go hand in hand they are very different . don t get me wrong , these conditions can to some seem a bit similar but they are not the same thing by any means . below i will go over each one so that those who are not familiar can gain a better understanding . these two mental illnesses affect large parts of the global population and should be things we are all aware of . depression is a mental illness that affects about 350 million people worldwide . depression is a very serious mood disorder that can cause intense and severe symptoms . it affects how a person thinks , feels , and even goes about their daily activities . there are several different types of depression and the symptoms can include things like persistent numbness , feelings of guilt , unexplainable pain , appetite loss , feeling restless , and even talking more slowly . depression is something that makes those who suffer from it unable to get out of bed on some days . it takes a person and turns them into a shell of who they once were . depression is a lot more painful than most people care to realize . anxiety , for those who may not know , is something we all experience on some level . only those who experience uncontrollable or chronic anxiety can truly be diagnosed with an anxiety disorder . those with an anxiety disorder of some kind are often plagued with worry and fear . they are restless , irritable , tense , and usually suffer from sleep issues . there are many different forms of anxiety disorders , some worse than others but all very real . for instance , there is one known as social anxiety disorder , those with this disorder become highly anxious when talking to other people . could you imagine having anxiety so bad that you struggled to even converse with those around you this is the reality for a lot of people across the globe . about 40 million people in the us alone suffer from some kind of anxiety disorder . isn t that intense those with anxiety disorders often experience butterflies in their stomachs and not the good kind . they are unable to control their worry and for some , it rules their lives . many of those suffering from depression have an anxiety disorder as well and vice versa . these two peas in a pod go hand in hand like nothing i have ever seen . that being said , it is still possible to have one without the other . image via picssr
hobby historian claims to have discovered forgotten 80 - meter section of the berlin wall headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next original article on odditycentral . com a blog on oddities and wacky news < URL > save for a few symbolic sections in the center of the german capital , the berlin wall was completely demolished in 1989 . however , a local hobby historian claims to have discovered an 80 - meter - long section of which authorities apparently knew nothing about . 37 - year - old christian bormann found the forgotten section of the berlin wall between two train stations in the pankow district in the northeast of the city , back in 1999 . the local government office responsible for monuments was unaware of the surviving segment , and records showed the section registered as demolished . bormann kept his discovery to himself until recently , when he noticed that it had been damage by storms . concerned about the slowly deteriorating monument , he finally revealed his secret in a blog post and contacted pankow district authorities , calling on them to protect it as a historical monument . source : < URL >
swing trading strategy report 126 of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next my swing trading approach with the market popping in the pre - market , if it can hold on to the gains in the early morning trading , i will be looking to add 1 - 2 new positions to the portfolio . indicators read more ryan mallory is the co - founder of shareplanner inc , a financial website devoted to day - trading , swing - trading ( both long short ) and exchange - traded funds . ryan makes a strong emphasis on risk mitigation strategies , trading transparency , and trader education not to mention a great set of stock screens as well . be sure to check out ryan s site at shareplanner . com source : < URL >
two announcements a clarification headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next as january gallops on at the speed of light , as januaries are wont to do , i m pleased to announce two awesome pieces of news : firstly , that i m part of this year s shadow clarke jury ; and secondly , that i ll be appearing at swancon 2018 as a guest of honour . i m incredibly excited on both counts , and look forward to participating in both events . on a far more irritating note , i find myself moved to issue a clarification in light of recent fuckery . based on nothing but circumstantial evidence and their own antipathy , certain persons in the sad puppy camp namely lou antonelli , dave freer and brad torgersen , though the noxious vox day has also joined in have decided that an australian anti - puppy blogger , known by the pseudonym camestros felapton , is really my husband toby . i hadn t heard of camestros until they emailed me a few days ago to give me a heads - up and apologise that my family was being dragged into things , but though i left a comment on brad torgersen s blog to that effect , he s thus far declined to publish it , claiming instead that camestros s denial is really proof that he is , in fact , toby . i ve already responded to the issue at length on twitter , and would like to note that dave freer in particular is being super gross about it all , while antonelli seems weirdly bitter about toby s hotness . nonetheless , for the record : my husband is not camestros , and anyone saying otherwise is gullible , incompetent , a liar or all three . having already doubled down on their claims , i highly doubt that antonelli , freer or torgersen is likely to issue a retraction , let alone an apology ; the prospect of admitting to that sort of error or worse , conceding that i m capable of being right really sticks in their puppyish craws . but , well . facts are facts , and given how many of my friends and colleagues in the sff community have actually met my husband and can attest to his non - camestrosness , it s pretty clear that their credibility in this matter is , as in so many others , nil . so , with that out of the way and with two wonderful sff commitments to look forward to in 2018 i ll leave you with the random generator of overly specific sff subgenres i made today , and hope you have fun with it . source : < URL >
the market ticker to all young americans of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next you have to wonder , really , whether we have any hope for the future in this country . deficit spending is often said to be a way to make generations to come pay for the things that people want today . it s actually not quite that complicated , and yet it s more - complicated . it s a way to make the young believe they re getting a free lunch whether it be health care , a college education or similar when in fact they re being told they have to pay twice or more for the same thing . consider the so - called women s equality screed . the alleged pay gap . it doesn t exist once you do multivariate analysis . that is , while it is true that women earn less than men as a sex when . ( click link to read more ) source : < URL >
southwest airlines q4 profits top expectations but fears of a price war weigh on whole sector of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next higher passenger numbers helped southwest airlines co ( nYse : luv ) to just beat profit expectations in the fourth quarter of 2017 . in the three months ended december 21 , the dallas - based carrier saw unit revenue per seat rise 1 . 9 . the figure for that metric is expected to climb by another 1 - 2 in 2018 as well . however , the stock tumbled in early on thursday morning as it reported a 2 . 7 fall in average passenger fares , adding to growing fears of a price war in the sector . southwest shares lost 3 . 8 to Us 59 . 82 ; although it wasn t the only airline diving on thursday . jetblue airways corporation ( nasdaq : jblU ) delta air lines inc ( nYse : dal ) and american airlines group inc ( nasdaq : aal ) , among several others , were also nursing sizeable losses . back to southwest and net income rose to Us 1 . 89 bn , or Us 3 . 18 per share , largely driven by a one - time tax benefit of Us 1 . 4 bn thanks to the recent reforms . operating revenue also rose 3 . 9 to to Us 5 . 27 bn . excluding items , southwest earned Us 0 . 77 per share , slightly ahead of wall street expectations for Us 0 . 77 a share . story by proactiveinvestors source : < URL >
obama s the greatest criminal in history say trump and joe arpaio because he forged his birth certificate ( video )
saturn is in capricorn currently and it is bringing about many different things that we need to be aware of . this is something we will be experiencing
on january 31 st we are about to experience an incredible phenomenon the second full moon in the month of january , and the third supermoon in a series of three back to back supermoons , this is a sight that you don t want to miss . the january 31 st full moon will be the first of two blue moons in 2018 , and above all else , it is also a lunar eclipse for those of us in north and south america , this is the first blue moon total eclipse in 150 years , bringing with it a unique energy . but what does this energy mean for you with the full moon in leo , opposing the sun in aquarius , the energies that we will experience will impact our love , health , beauty and the arts . it won t be overly in your face ; however , the calm and subtle influence of this energy can have a strong influence in your life if you are open to it . for most of the zodiac signs , this influence will be highly motivating , pushing you to greater heights , continuing to inspire and push you right through to the next total lunar eclipse on july 27 th , 2018 . for some , however , this is a time of stress . in order to adequately prepare yourself , and use this energy to your full advantage , it is important to learn just what to expect . what do you need to know about the super blue moon total eclipse according to your zodiac sign aries ( march 21 april 19 ) you will feel a great deal of stress in the area of your finances , causing you to question many of the decision that you have made , or will need to make in the near future . try not to get in your head while you are feeling a great deal of concern regarding this area in your life , the truth is that the energies of this lunar eclipse will empower you to make great financial choices . you simply have to trust yourself . you will also find that problems and concerns in your relationships will be highlighted in ways that you may have never seen before . for some relationships , this revelation will lead to their demise , and in these cases , know that you are much better off cutting ties . for other relationships , this will force you to deal with these problems head - on . ultimately those relationships that survive will be stronger than ever before . taurus ( april 20 may 20 ) hardworking and career - focused , the impact of the lunar eclipse is going to largely be felt in the area of your career . you will be faced with a number of important decision in the coming months regarding your current career path or the business that you own . these situations will require quick and prompt attention , so try not to put them aside . at times you are going to feel as though you are putting out daily fires but know that you have the ability to not only handle this but to excel . the biggest challenge you are going to experience over the coming months is the demand for your attention . while you want to focus on your career , you will feel as though you are being pulled in 20 different directions . family , home , neighborhood , recreational commitments and more will continue to get between you and your career efforts , slowly down the progress you were hoping to make during this time . not all of these distractions are going to be negative you may be celebrating a family member s new baby or helping a friend move into their new house , but they will be a considerable demand on your time and attention . try to remember that this is temporary . gemini ( may 21 june 20 ) at times during the coming months , you are going to feel as though everything is falling apart around you . friends and family are going to face considerable difficulties and will be turning to you for support and encouragement . often , they will need nothing more than an attentive listening and a shoulder to cry on . try not to allow yourself to take on their pain as it will quickly overwhelm you . at the same time , you are going to experience some major failings in technology . if you haven t already backed up your computers and cellphones , ensure that you do so before the lunar eclipse finances are a weak point for you , often failing to stick to your own budget . this is going to be highlighted during this period of time , forcing you to address your own shortfalls . take the time to sit down and record all of your expenses , nothing is too small . looking at this , highlight the areas in which you are currently overspending ( do you really need to go out for lunch every day ) and take steps to cut back . it will be uncomfortable and challenging , but you will thank yourself for it in the long - run . cancer ( june 21 july 22 ) the lunar eclipse is going to bring on a stage of considerable personal growth , allowing you to make big changes in your life . be warned , however , if you do try to resist the coming changes they will happen , it will just be considerably more difficult than it would have been if you just embraced it . begin by assessing the areas of your past that you will need to let go of in order to move forward . this may include past mistakes , regrets , events or times that you have been hurt . cutting the ties to these negative energies will empower you to move forward as a better and happier individual . if there are areas of your life that you have wanted to work on , such as returning to school or making a change in your life , now is the time to do it . this energy will boost any and all attempts to better yourself overall . understand that this may bring about some incredibly difficult , challenging and unpleasant times . in order to recognize and move past the parts of your life that are holding you back , they must first be revealed to you . acknowledging your weaknesses and mistakes is never easy , but by doing so you will be able to rise to greater heights . leo ( july 23 august 22 ) during the days , weeks and months following the lunar eclipse you may be experiencing some challenges in the area of your health . try not to stress too much as they are likely minor challenges that appear to be much larger at first glance . focus your time and attention on taking the best care of yourself possible , ensuring that you are eating a healthy diet , exercising regularly and getting plenty of rest . with all of these areas properly balanced you will come through this without any major or long - term problems . there is also a chance that this energy won t impact your health , but instead that of your spouse . make it a goal in your relationship to make these healthy life choices together . you are going to find yourself questioning many of the choices , decisions , and beliefs in your life in regard to your spiritual journey . there are people you once looked up , viewing them as teachers or mentors in this area of your life . recent developments have you questioning their influence , leading you to walk away and take a different path . it won t be easy but follow your heart . virgo ( august 23 september 22 ) of all of the signs , you are going to be the one that experiences the energy from the lunar eclipse the least . in fact , many people born under the sign virgo won t notice any impact on their lives at all . while this is good news for you and your own life , it may spell trouble for your relationships . try to remind yourself that others may be going through significant changes or heightened stress . exercise patience with your friends , family and loved ones , taking whatever steps , you can to show them support throughout the coming months . if you are a spiritual individual or work in a spiritual line of work , you may find yourself questioning your beliefs and the path that you are currently on . this isn t to say that your current beliefs are wrong . allow yourself to explore these questions , what you discover will either strengthen your current beliefs or steer you in a different direction altogether . libra ( september 23 october 22 ) the biggest impact that you are going to see in your life during this time is going to be in the gadgets and technology in your life . if you don t already have a savings put aside you may want to start saving up , as this period of time may be a costly one . electronics may fail you , your internet is likely to malfunction , and you may deal with some significant tech problems . before the lunar eclipse hits take the time to update your antivirus , firewall and spyware detectors as you are definitely going to need the best protection available . if you have considered purchasing new tech for your home or business , avoid doing so during this time . if you are forced into purchasing something now , ensure that there is a good return policy in place . your friendships may come under fire during this time , being tested in ways that you haven t experienced previously . understand that the friendships that don t survive failed for a reason and you are better off without them despite the fact it will cause you pain to go your separate ways . your true friends will rise above this time of trial with your friendship stronger and deeper than before . these are the people who will be by your side through thick and thin , so don t take them for granted . scorpio ( october 23 november 21 ) the lunar eclipse is going to demand change and correction in your life , and you are going to feel this most in the area of your career . if you are working for someone else , you may suddenly find yourself aware of a growing list of reasons why you are no longer happy with your current employment . during this time , you may feel the call to walk away and seek out new employment , or in some cases , a change of employment may be forced upon you . rest assured that this is in line with the energy of the eclipse and is happening for a reason . a better and more fulfilling career is just around the corner for you . if you are a business owner or are a freelance worker you are going to feel as though the passion for your career and business choices are called into question . this time is going to push you in ways you have never been tested before . for some , this will push you to change your path altogether . others , however , will find themselves more convinced than ever that they are headed in the right direction . pay attention to little changes and corrections that will allow you to see greater success . sagittarius ( november 22 december 21 ) always the adventurer , take this period of time to slow down and stick around home . it is best that you avoid unnecessary travel during this time as you will face unnecessary challenges and difficulties in that area . from missed and canceled flights to vehicle breakdowns and overbooked hotels , it s going to be one problem after another . choose , instead , to hold off on any vacations until after the july total eclipse when this energy shifts back to positivity and success . you are going to feel the influence and idea of death prevailing in your life . this doesn t mean that you are going to die in the coming months , however , you very well may have a close call which will open your eyes this is going to inspire you to make changes in your life , preparing for the worst . as a free spirit you don t always plan ahead , so embrace this while you feel the call to do so you may also feel as though there are things inside you that are dying . it s not a comfortable or happy feeling but know that this is making room for new things to take their place . this may result in some significant changes . for example , you may feel the need to step back from hobbies that were once your passion to follow a different path . you may also question the church or religious institution you are attending , or even your religion altogether . capricorn ( december 22 january 19 ) the key word for you throughout this time is going to be safety . if you are taking any unnecessary risks , this is certainly not the time avoid any dangerous sports or hobbies , slow down and pay extra attention to your driving and do your best to eliminate or moderate any drug use . many of these may seem like common sense points , but they will be more important than ever during this time this carries through areas of your life that you may not consider , such as your spirituality . if you have been dabbling with high - risk practices such as spirit summoning or astral traveling , it may be best to put your efforts on hold until after the july lunar eclipse . there is also a heightened sexual energy for you during this time . pay extra attention to the care and well being of your genitals , and your sexual system as a whole . you may find yourself tempted to take risks in your sex life , but don t forget that keyword safety if you are currently trying to keep any of your sexual experiences secret , you may want to take even more care and consideration to avoid being discovered . you may also find that , during this , relationships that were once seen as nothing more than sexual in nature begin to evolve into something more . just remember , play it safe with your heart . aquarius ( january 20 february 18 ) this is going to be a challenging time in the area of relationships . if you are currently single , and not by choice , it is time to step back and assess why this may be happening . if you are in a relationship you are going to find every hurt , suppressed feeling and problem , even those that you believe to be insignificant , brought forward front and center . this is going to put a lot of stress on your relationship , pushing you and your partner out of your comfort zone . rest assured that any relationship with a solid foundation will survive this time , and working through these problems will make them stronger , healthier and happier than ever before . you will look back at this time of trial with a smile on your face as you will both see how much closer it will bring you in the end . this is also a time to pay attention to your health . you may find as though there are some minor or seemingly unimportant situations that come up , however , don t allow yourself to shrug these off . if you exercise proper care , including sleeping better , improving your diet , getting exercise and seeking medical attention as needed , you will come out of this time feeling better than ever . don t underestimate the importance of prioritizing your self - care . pisces ( february 19 march 20 ) on the health front , this is a time of self - improvement . you may previously have been lax in how you care for yourself , allowing poor habits to continue simply due to the fact you don t care enough to step out of your comfort zone to fix them . this is the time to make the necessary changes for a healthier , happier and better you . pay careful attention to your diet , recording what you are eating and how often . swap out unhealthy snacks for healthier options , prioritize portion control and avoid eating out of boredom . it is also important to not only assess what you eat , but what you are drinking sugary drinks can be just as dangerous to your health as sugary snacks you may experience some big changes in your career including a new job , big changes in your business or the move into a new industry . rest assured that your finances are not going to suffer any major hits , so any changes will still allow you to stay financially stable even if they may not feel like it at first . this will not be the case , however , for friends and family . dealing with struggles and challenges they are going to come to you for support . resist the urge to give them a handout , instead , help them to learn how to change their habits and improve their financial decision moving forward . feature image source : yogi mehtab
the mysteries of the ancient pyramids of giza have had people baffled for thousands of years . however , researchers might have just found some answers . the ancient pyramids of giza are said to have been built approximately between the years 2630 - 2611 bc . it is one of the first major constructions of humanity that has confused researchers and architectures for thousands of years . the mystery is what were they built for , and more specifically : how did they do it well , the only way of figuring it out would be in the past , and that was thousands of years ago . however , due to paleontology advancements researchers have been able to excavate and discover many different items from egyptian culture . using what we have found , they were able to decode the past and analyze their culture . we know a lot about the ancient egyptian culture today , but the pyramids remain a mystery until now . the museum of cairo has revealed an ancient text that was discovered in the red sea in 2013 . there are a number of details described regarding the construction of the great pyramids of giza . it even told how the ancient wonder was built in honor for one of the most well - known pharaohs , khufu . the text is 4 , 500 years old and is written in hieroglyphics on a piece of papyri . it is the oldest document ever discovered in egypt . the document revealed that is was a diary that belonged to an inspector by the name of mere . he was in charge of a team of about 200 men , according to archaeologists pierre tallet and gregory marouard in the journal near eastern archaeology . the scripture revealed new evidence of thousands of laborers who transported 170 , 000 tons of limestone along the river nile with boats built from planks and ropes . the two and half ton blocks were then ferried through a system of designed canals , ending at the base of the great pyramid . american archaeologist mark lehner , who has over 30 years experience excavating in egypt , said : we ve outlined the central canal basin , which we think was the primary delivery area to the foot of the giza plateau .
why professing christ is becoming a ' hate crime ' in the west january 25 , 2018 what is the source of dhimmitude - which in many ways paralyzes responses to islam - in the west first a definition : " dhimmitude , " which was coined by the late christian president of lebanon , bashir gemayel , and popularized by writer bat ye ' or , is a neologism based on the arabic word , dhimmi - that is , a non - muslim ( generally a christian or jew ) who falls under islamic rule and , as a price for maintaining his religion , accepts an inferior social standing . simply put , the dhimmi must know his or her place and never rock the boat , including by seeking equal rights with muslims . while this is the classic and original manifestation of dhimmitude , a new and unprecedented form has arisen in the west : in the muslim world , where might naturally makes right , muslim majorities impose an inferior status onto non - muslim minorities ; but in the west , it is the west itself - or at least homegrown elements - that in certain fields impose an inferior status on a non - muslim majority . the question becomes , why why would a stronger civilization impose the unjust and supremacist stipulations of a weaker , hostile civilization , onto itself , and thereby paralyze itself against that same hostile civilization the answer is evident in the words of an ancient strategy : " the enemy of my enemy is my friend . " the western elements that are forever protecting and empowering islam , and which operate under various names - " liberals , " " leftists , " " marxists , " " progressives , " " social justice warriors , " etc . - ultimately care little about islam ; rather , islam is for them a tool to combat their real and much closer enemy : christianity , and the mores and civilization borne of it and culminating in the west . this is evident everywhere and in a myriad of forms . most recently , the british government " refused to say whether telling people about the christian faith could be a hate crime . " lord pearson of rannoch , a ukip peer , asked the house of lords if they would " confirm unequivocally that a christian who says that jesus is the only son of the one true god cannot be arrested for hate crime or any other offence , however much it may offend a muslim or anyone of any other religion " government spokesperson baroness vere of norbiton responded by equivocating , saying that the legal definition of " hate crime " has been the same for the past 10 years . but as pearson explained in a later interview , the current definition of " hate crime " is subjective and revolves around whether the " victim " feels offended - thus leaving the door wide open to charging those who proclaim christ and the trinity of committing a hate crime , especially vis - - vis muslims , who adamantly object to the claim , as pearson himself acknowledged : " certainly the stricter muslims do feel offended by christianity and our belief in jesus being the only son of the one true god . " pearson also pointed to a double standard in how " hate crimes " are applied : " you can say what you like about the virgin birth , the miracles and the resurrection of jesus christ , but as soon as you say come on , is islam really the religion of peace that it claims to be , ' all hell breaks loose . " indeed , and there is a reason for that : unlike islam - which many western elite feel no ( direct ) connection to and thus no threat therefrom - christianity is the faith of their forefathers ; it is ever present in their societies , judging them - and they hate it for it . but rather than seek to suppress it openly , they operate indirectly , including by propping up always angry and easily " offended " muslims against it , while they play the role of " impartial " secularist or progressive - people who will make themselves ( meaning others , notably christians ) walk on eggshells lest the " feelings " of the " other " are hurt . from here one understands why liberals and progressives who forever whine against any vestige of traditional ( " oppressive " ) christianity habitually make common cause with islam - despite the latter ' s truly oppressive qualities . feminists denounce the christian " patriarchy " - but say little against the muslim treatment of women as chattel ; homosexuals denounce christian bakeries - but say little against the muslim execution of homosexuals ; multiculturalists denounce christians who refuse to suppress their faith , including by banning christmas phrases and images , to accommodate the religious sensibilities of muslim minorities - but say little against the entrenched and open muslim persecution of christians . from here one understands the ultimate reason why domineering western elements are imposing the unjust and stifling effects of dhimmitude on and thus making the west weak and vulnerable : " the enemy [ islam ] of my enemy [ christianity ] is my friend . " as this most recent example from the uk shows , muslims are now even being used to make the central claim of christianity - which the progressive elite especially despise hearing as it convicts their godless lifestyle - a " hate crime . "
judicial watch sues for text messages of fbi ' s strzok and page january 25 , 2018 ( washington , dc ) - judicial watch announced today that it filed a freedom of information ( fOia ) lawsuit against the justice department for text messages and other records of fbi official peter strzok and fbi attorney lisa page ( judicial watch v . u . s . department of justice ( no . 1 : 18 - cv - 00154 ) ) . judicial watch filed suit after the justice department failed to respond to a december 4 , 2017 , fOia request for : all records of communications , including but not limited to , emails , text messages and instant chats , between fbi official peter strozk and fbi attorney lisa page ; all travel requests , travel authorizations , travel vouchers and expense reports of peter strozk ; all travel requests , travel authorizations , travel vouchers and expense reports of lisa page . the time frame for the requested records is february 1 , 2015 to the present . the text messages are of public interest because strzok and page were key investigators in the clinton email and trump russia collusion investigations . strzok was reportedly removed from the mueller investigative team in august and reassigned to a human resources position after it was discovered that he and a fbi lawyer , lisa page , who worked for fbi deputy director andrew mccabe , and with whom strzok was carrying on an extramarital affair , exchanged pro - clinton and anti - trump text messages . strzok reportedly oversaw the fbi ' s interviews of former national security adviser , general michael flynn ; changed former fbi director james comey ' s language about hillary clinton ' s actions regarding her illicit email server from " grossly negligent " to " extremely careless ; " played a lead role in the fbi ' s interview of clinton ; and is suspected of being responsible for using the unverified dossier to obtain a fisa warrant in order to spy on president trump ' s campaign . senator ron johnson ( r - wi ) , chairman of the senate homeland security and governmental affairs committee , revealed in a letter dated january 20 that the fbi claimed it is unable to preserve text messages for a five - month period between december 14 , 2016 , and may 17 , 2017 , due to " misconfiguration issues " with fbi - issued phones used by strzok and page . the missing messages span dates between the presidential transition and the launch of robert mueller ' s russia probe , where both strzok and page were employed . the strzok - page text messages are potentially responsive to several pending judicial watch fOia lawsuits , but the fbi has yet to produce any of the records , explain the missing records to the courts , or otherwise be forthcoming about these newly disclosed materials . " i don ' t believe for one minute that the strzok - page texts are really missing , " said judicial watch president tom fitton . " the irs told us that lois lerner ' s emails were missing , ' and we forced them to admit they existed and deliver them to us . the state department hid the clinton emails but our fOia lawsuits famously blew open that cover - up . we fully intend to get the missing ' strzok and page documents . and it is shameful the fbi and dOj have been playing shell games with these smoking gun text messages . frankly , fbi director wray needs to stop the stonewalling "
enderly park is blistering under an unseasonable september heat , and frank byers saunters across tuckaseegee road to the rec center where he likes to play cards with his neighbors . he doesn t use the crosswalk , but in many ways he s earned
lt . colonel james g . zumwalt , usmc ( ret ) contributing editor lt . colonel james g . zumwalt , usmc ( ret . ) , is a retired marine infantry officer who served in the vietnam war , the u . s . invasion of panama and the first gulf war . he is the author of " bare feet , iron will - - stories from the other side of vietnam ' s battlefields , " " living the juche lie : north korea ' s kim dynasty " and " doomsday : iran - - the clock is ticking . " he frequently writes on foreign policy and defense issues .
in my city , charlotte , n . c . , we have reached a general consensus concerning housing and affordability : we all agree that there is not nearly enough of affordable housing , and we would all like for someone else to do something about it .
never hike alone : a friday the 13 th fan film Usa 2017 54 min a fan tribute to friday the 13 th , never hike alone follows an adventure never hike alone : a friday the 13 th fan film Usa 2017 54 min a fan tribute to friday the 13 th , never hike alone follows an adventure blogger , kyle mcleod ( andrew leighty ) , who uncovers the long lost remains of camp crystal lake while on a solo backpacking trip . ignoring the campfire tales from his childhood , kyle ' s search turns deadly when he makes the grave mistake of crossing the path of camp blood s legendary mass murderer , jason voorhees . stranded in the forest with jason on his heels , kyle must push his survival skills to their limits if he hopes to survive the night . otherwise , he ' ll wind up as another lost victim of the cursed camp . directed bY vincente disanti screenplaY bY vincente disanti and nathan mcleod based on characters created bY sean cUnningham victor miller ron kUrtZ starring : andrew leightY as kYle mcleod vincente disanti as jason voorhees eXecUtive prodUcers barrY jaY stitch carolYn gair sarah disanti prodUcers kYle klein daniel evans matthew barrett co - prodUcers steven sQUillante christopher thellas aleXander thellas associate prodUcers codY cameron christian ascencio lYdia ascencio lYnn hobson rene rivas mike whelan directors of photographY christopher thellas j . d . martZ prodUction designer brittanY porter special make up effects kelseY berk wardrobe stephen boYd - morales stUnts jessica bennett brYan forrest as jason voorhees donnY nichols as kYle mcleod film editing bY lawrence gan sarah disanti Unit stills photographY ashlY covington mUsic bY rYan perez - daple run like hell written by : vincente disanti , jake gonsalves , lenny machado performed by : gonsalves , machado recorded at : elm street studios , new bedford , ma 2017 appears courtesy of : damn enchiladas another soul written and performed by : trevor vaughan appears on : finally salao mix tape recorded at : the colosseum , new bedford , ma 2012 appears courtesy of : trevor vaughan mass glory records for additional cast and crew visit : www . imdb . com / title / tt5719786 / www . wompstompfilms . com disclaimer this prodUction is the effort of womp stomp films , llc and its volUnteer associates . never hike alone is a prodUct of fan fiction and in no waY affiliated with , or a representative of the viacom / paramoUnt film companY , warner brothers , new line cinema , horror inc , the fridaY the 13 th film propertY , or its characters . this project was created bY fans , for fans , to show appreciation for the fridaY the 13 th franchise . as of fridaY the 13 th october 2017 , this project will be made free and available to all who care to watch it . no profit shall be made off its viewing . thank YoU to anY and all who assisted in bringing the project to life . womp stomp films is forever gratefUl for YoUr time and dedication to the project . thank YoU for watching .
disease has been on the rise for multiple decades . it seems quite clear that things aren t really getting any better , and with a growing population , the rate of chronic illness seems to be getting worse . on top of that , we have a medical industry full of good - hearted people who want to help people , and are helping people , that s plagued by fraud and deception . one that is not really interested in healing people , but rather , in profiting off of their sickness . there are countless instances of this . for example , a study that was published last week in the british medical journal by researchers at the nordic cochrane center in copenhagen showed that pharmaceutical companies were not disclosing all information regarding the results of their drug trials . you can read more about that and access the study here . the medical profession is being bought by the pharmaceutical industry , not only in terms of the practice of medicine , but also in terms of teaching and research . the academic institutions of this country are allowing themselves to be the paid agents of the pharmaceutical industry . i think it s disgraceful . arnold seymour relman ( 1923 - 2014 ) , harvard professor of medicine and former editor - in - chief of the new england medical journal the above study is one of many examples , with various medications for various diseases . this is extremely concerning , especially given the fact that various experts estimate more than 100 , 000 people die every year in the united states alone from prescription drug use . ( source ) there doesn t seem to be much attention paid to the environment we choose to surround ourselves with , the foods we eat , and detoxifying our bodies . the answer to everything from the world of medicine seems to come in the form of drugs , which is not always the best option depending on your situation . ask yourself : why are so many people getting sick all the time why is disease constantly on the rise one explanation that many experts are putting forth is the environment . we live on a planet where simply breathing in the air from any major city is a health hazard . our cosmetics , self - care products , and common everyday household products are littered with hormone disrupting chemicals , and the food most of us eat has been linked to multiple diseases . roundup herbicide has been found in the urine of people across europe , and the list goes on and on . it s no secret that we are currently living in a toxic environment , and for those looking to stay in good health , detoxifying is something important we can to do instead of putting so much stress on our internal organs to do it on their own . we need to assist them and we can do it in several different ways . autophagy the body does a great job of detoxifying itself on its own , and it s quite amazing . perhaps this is why some people can smoke , drink , and eat poorly for most of their life and still survive into old age , but that s not true for the majority of people . autophagy means self eating , and it s a process where your body cleans out various toxins and recycles damaged cell components . the video above provides a more in - depth biochemical review of the autophagy processes involved in health and disease . dr . colin champ , a board - certified radiation oncologist and assistant professor at the university of pittsburgh medical center explains it well : think of it as our body s innate recycling program . autophagy makes us more efficient machines to get rid of faulty parts , stop cancerous growths , and stop metabolic dysfunction like obesity and diabetes . ( source ) one of the best ways to detoxify your system , and slow the aging process ( thus greatly reducing the risk of various age - related diseases ) is to assist your body in the process of autophagy . exercise exercise is a great way to fight disease . our bodies are built to move , which is something many people don t do enough of . exercising alone has been shown to kill cancer cells , because it s an excellent way to boost the autophagy process . clinical trials were conducted to help detoxify people from the gulf war , and in doing so , results showed that that using a combination of exercise , sauna ( detox through sweating ) , and niacin supplementation , maximized the elimination of toxins through the skin . not only that , exercise does cause an increase in blood flow and vasodilation . scientists have also engineered mice to have glowing green autophagosomes and found that the rate at which the mice were demolishing their own cells ( in a healthy way ) increased significantly after they ran for 30 minutes on a treadmill . the rate also continued to increase as they ran past the 30 minute mark . keep evolving your consciousness inspiration and all our best content , straight to your inbox . all of this is discussed by dr . yu , in the interview below that was conducted with dr . joseph marcela discussing those studies . you can check it out for more information . intermittent fasting a number of scientists have been studying fasting these days , and the results are quite remarkable to say the least . one thing it definitely does is boost autophagy . fasting has a number of other benefits , including regenerating new stem cells , fighting cancer , and reducing the risk of diabetes and heart disease . when you supply fuel to your mitochondria when they don t need it , they leak electors that enhance reactive oxygen species as free radicals , and free radicals are extremely damaging . supplying fuel to your mitochondria ( via food ) is the opposite of fasting . mitochondria is the power source to your cells , and these free radicals damage it . here is a video ( tedx ) talk given by mark mattson , the current chief of the laboratory of neuroscience at the national institute on aging . he is also a professor of neuroscience at the johns hopkins university , and one of the foremost researchers in the area of cellular and molecular mechanisms underlying multiple neurodegenerative disorders , like parkinson s and alzheimer s disease . in it , he describes how fasting can reverse multiple age - related diseases . basically , when you take a look at caloric restriction studies , many of them show a prolonged lifespan as well as an increased ability to fight chronic disease . calorie restriction ( cr ) extends life span and retards age - related chronic diseases in a variety of species , including rats , mice , fish , flies , worms , and yeast . the mechanism or mechanisms through which this occurs are unclear . the quote above is from a review of the literature that is more than 10 years old . the work presented here is now showing some of these mechanisms that were previously unclear . a study published in the june 5 issue of cell stem cell by researchers from the university of southern california showed that cycles of prolonged fasting protect against immune system damage and , moreover , induce immune system regeneration . they concluded that fasting shifts stem cells from a dormant state to a state of self - renewal . it triggers stem cell based regeneration of an organ or system . ( source ) human clinical trials were conducted using patients who were receiving chemotherapy . for long periods of time , patients did not eat , which significantly lowered their white blood cell counts . in mice , fasting cycles flipped a regenerative switch , changing the signalling pathways for hematopoietic stem cells , which are responsible for the generation of blood and immune systems . ( source ) this means that fasting kills off old and damaged immune cells , and when the body rebounds , it uses stem cells to create brand new , completely healthy cells . we could not predict that prolonged fasting would have such a remarkable effect in promoting stem cell - based regeneration of the hematopoietic system . . . . when you starve , the system tries to save energy , and one of the things it can do to save energy is to recycle a lot of the immune cells that are not needed , especially those that may be damaged . what we started noticing in both our human work and animal work is that the white blood cell count goes down with prolonged fasting . then when you re - feed , the blood cells come back . valter longo , corresponding author ( source ) one well - known option is the 5 : 2 diet . on the 5 : 2 plan , you cut your food down to one - fourth of your normal daily calories on fasting days ( about 600 calories for men and about 500 for women ) , along with plenty of water and tea . on the other five days of the week , you can eat normally . another way to do it is to restrict your food intake between the hours of 11 am and 7 pm daily , while not eating during the hours outside of that time . this is also explained in the documentary below . if you re interested in learning more about fasting , below is an excellent documentary that features some of the current research being conducted by the world s leading experts in the field . watch what you eat monitor your protein intake this is really a no - brainer : eating healthy organic fruits and vegetables is important . one factor to consider is your protein intake . today we seem to be bombarded with the idea that a lot of protein is necessary , especially if you are working out quite a bit . although this may be true , over doing it on protein is definitely not a good idea . it s important to watch your protein intake when talking about autophagy , because too much protein will shut down autophagy , which is why it might not be a bad idea to limit your protein intake to about 40 - 70 grams a day , depending on your body bass . the usual formula health experts use to calculate how much protein your body requires is one gram of protein for every kilogram of lean body ass , or one - half gram per pound of lean body mass . one of the quickest ways to shut down autophagy is to eat large amounts of protein . what this will do is stimulate igf - 1 and mtor , which are potent inhibitors of autophagy . this is expanded upon by the scientists in the documentary linked above if you re interested in learning more .
chickens on sale for human consumption in britain s supermarkets are now testing for record levels of superbugs that are resistant to some of the strongest antibiotics in use today , according to new research from the uk government . these results are alarming because resistance to antibiotics among livestock can very easily affect the resistance among humans , which could essentially render vital medicines ineffective against potentially serious diseases . antibiotics were an extremely important discovery that have helped cure many ailments and save many lives , but the more they are used , the more ineffective they become because the bacteria becomes immune to them and thus becomes stronger and stronger . this is the cause for the development of what we have come to know as antibiotic resistant or superbugs . that being said , many people have also experienced detrimental health consequences as a result of antibiotic use . the food standards agency ( fsa ) tested a large sample of fresh whole chickens from various retailers and found significantly higher proportions of campylobacter within the last 10 years . this is a harmful pathogen that was found to be resistant to the antibiotics that are commonly used to treat it . the agency issued a warning , this survey provides evidence that amr ( anti - microbial resistant ) campylobacter are to be found on whole fresh chickens sold at retail in the uk . it is therefore important to handle the chicken hygienically and cook thoroughly to reduce the risk to public health . also noted by the fsa was that the proportion of campylobacter - infected chickens , which showed resistance to key antibiotics in this instance ciprofloxacin , has increased significantly when compared with a previous survey of chickens sold in retail stores 10 years ago . the study sampled more than 4000 chickens from their samples of smaller numbers which were exhibiting campylobacter infections , which were were retested in order to detect whether or not they carried the bacteria that was resistant to the key antibiotics . in more than half of the samples , ciprofloxacin resistance was identified 237 out of 437 tests on campylobacter jejuni and in almost half , 53 out of 108 another strain , campylobacter coli . these results clearly show that the amount of antibiotics being used to treat farm animals is directly contributing to the rise and spread of resistant bacteria , which in turn can have major effects on human health . one of the main methods of transmission to many of the strains of resistant bacteria is through direct contact with animals livestock . proper handling , hygiene and thorough cooking can kill these bugs but any small mistakes can result in serious infections that antibiotics will not be able to treat . save our antibiotics c il n nunan , scientific adviser to the alliance to save our antibiotics , told the guardian : it is scandalous that [ government rules ] still allow for poultry to be mass - medicated with fluoroquinolone antibiotics . twenty years ago , a house of lords report said this should be stopped . even the us banned the practice over 10 years ago because of the strength of the scientific evidence . so why are british and european authorities still refusing to take action even the european centre for disease prevention and control is aware of the issue and the european food safety authority have advised : given the high levels of resistance to fluoroquinolones in broilers [ chickens bred for meat ] , and the assessment that a large proportion of human campylobacteriosis infections comes from the handling , preparation and consumption of broiler meat , this is a compelling example of how antimicrobial resistance in food and animals may impact the availability of effective antimicrobial agents for treating severe human campylobacter infections . related ce article : be warned , fda issues new stronger warnings about risks of fluoroquinolone antibiotics keep evolving your consciousness inspiration and all our best content , straight to your inbox . what can we do to state the obvious , you can stop buying meat that comes from factory farms or that isn t free of antibiotics . yes , it is more expensive to buy organic , pasture raised , antibiotic free chicken , but you can certainly limit your intake in order to compensate for the higher price . or , maybe this is all serving as a lesson that we should consider moving towards a plant - based diet . there are last resort antibiotics , but once these are used then there is nothing left , and we will have no way to treat serious illnesses . we have to stop using so many antibiotics now , and given that in the u . s . 80 of all antibiotics used are given to treat animals in factory farms , it would be wise that we limit our consumption of meat coming from these places . this is just one reason out of many . we can all do our part to protect ourselves , the animals and the environment what is realistic for you what can you do to help alleviate this problem related ce article : 10 alarming facts about factory farms that will break your heart warning : graphic images that the egg industry does not want you to see 9 things that happen when you stop eating meat
by now , you may have come across some information on the health benefits associated with grounding . if you haven t and you are unsure of what grounding is , it s the process of connecting your body to the earth . this can be done either by sitting or walking on the ground without shoes on . we all spend most of our time walking on the earth wearing shoes with rubber or plastic soles . these materials are insulators , and accordingly we use them to insulate electrical wires . they also disconnect you from the earth s electron flow , which we are supposed to be connected to . however , if you wear leather soled shoes ( or vegan leather ) or walk barefoot on sand , grass , soil , concrete , or ceramic tile , you will be grounded . if you walk on asphalt , wood , rubber , plastic , vinyl , tar , or tarmac , you will not be grounded . so the next time you are outside , take off your shoes you can also use conductive systems while sleeping , working , or spending time indoors for a more convenient and lifestyle - friendly approach . if you re thinking that is just too simple and there is no way something so simple could provide so many health benefits , then consider this we are bio - electrical beings and our bodies are made up of trillions ( maybe more ) of atoms that all hold an electrical charge , not to mention all of the other things we come into contact with on a daily basis that also hold an electrical charge . electricians ground wires when they wire up a house , and we are taught about the importance of grounding electricity in science class , but when it comes to our own body , this is rarely if ever even thought about . luckily , with the help of the internet , the importance of literally grounding ourselves is becoming more common . when you consider how little time we actually spend with our feet on the earth , with no shoes on or even just sitting on the ground , this may start to make sense . when we are out in nature or going for a walk we have shoes with rubber soles on them this directly interferes with the grounding process and inhibits our bodies from being able to do so . although i knew of the importance and had heard some of the benefits of grounding i was completely blown away as to just how beneficial it actually was , and how many of the diseases and ailments that we are suffering from today could potentially be cured simply from grounding alone after seeing the following video . benefits of grounding people who ground themselves regularly have reported feeling more centered , solid , strong , balanced , less tense and less stressed . simply , grounding makes you feel good and i can certainly attest to that after making an effort for the past week to do this as much as possible . i m not sure if it matters but i get the feeling that because my job involves being on a computer and in front of a screen virtually all day , myself and people with similar jobs can especially benefit from grounding . i ve been feeling a lot more chill and less stressed since starting my own little experiment . just think of the last time you were on a beach or sitting under a tree at a park , how did you feel i d be willing to bet you felt pretty calm , relaxed and happy . some scientific evidence regular grounding can help relieve symptoms of inflammation and pain . a small pilot study involving 12 subjects was able to indicate that grounding the human body during sleep ( often with a piece of metal connected to a wire that is connected to the ground ) reduced night - time levels of cortisol and re - synchronizes cortisol hormone secretion to be more in alignment with the natural 24 - hour circadian rhythm profile . in one instance , medical thermal imaging was used on a 44 - year - old woman suffering from chronic back pain . images were taken before and after being grounded while sleeping for 4 nights . the images showed reductions in inflammation and the woman also reported , a 30 percent reduction in pain , 70 percent reduction in the pain interfering with her sleep , 30 percent reduction in morning stiffness and soreness and after 4 weeks of continuous grounding while sleeping , she reported an 80 percent reduction in pain , no sleep interference and by 8 weeks she reported that her back pain was gone altogether . sure , that is one instance , but in all honesty , it is such a simple thing to do if you are skeptical and suffering from pain , at least it s worth a shot another study also showed how when grounded the diurnal rhythm of the stress hormone , cortisol , actually begins to normalize . researchers examined the diurnal rhythm of cortisol after sleeping grounded and found a normalization of the rhythm . in addition , the participants of this study reported that they slept better and woke up feeling refreshed . grounding also improves your circulation , which aids in the delivery of oxygen and nutrients to the tissues of the body , which includes better blood flow to the face . these findings were the result of a study that used a laser speckle contrast camera to quantify blood flow to the face after one hour of grounding . for more science , you can refer to the article below : studies show what happens to the human body when we walk barefoot on earth keep evolving your consciousness inspiration and all our best content , straight to your inbox . can you ground yourself simply by walking barefoot on the earth as much as possible or by sitting on the grass or ground . to take this even further , you could consider getting shoes that have no rubber or plastic soles or soles made from leather . quite simply , modern human beings are disconnected no pun intended from the earth . this alone may be one of the primary causes for so much of the chronic pain , discomfort and illness we are seeing across the globe . consider getting a minimum of a half - hour daily on the earth , you can even sit in your back - yard if that s an option for you . you can sit , stand , walk on soil , grass , sand or even concrete . these are all conductive surfaces from which your body can draw the earth s energy , keep in mind that wood , asphalt and vinyl are not conductive . if this is difficult for you to achieve , there are a variety of grounding products available online that you can attach to your bed , or mats and chairs . if you suffer from pain and inflammation , this simple change might make all the difference . we would love to hear your experiences have you tried grounding and what are the benefits ( if any ) that you have noticed let us know in the discussion in the collective evolution group on facebook see you there . much love
i am 18 or over and willing to view sexually explicit material yes no
a suspenseful and sharp science fiction thriller , black mirror has captivated viewers and critics for four seasons with its compelling storylines , dark twists , and incisive satirical takes . if you have yet to familiarize yourself with this award - winning netflix juggernaut , this primer will give you everything you need to know to hold your own in conversation . the episode in which a dog eats an iphone then slowly transforms into hitler over the course of the entire show is still lauded as one of the greatest episodes of television ever : if you ve never seen the show and you re looking to start off on a strong episode , consider the episode titled bad dog . virtually any hardcore fan will agree that the scene in which the dog swallows the phone , slowly grows a hitler mustache , and then starts to speak perfect german is peak black mirror . while black mirror is an anthology series with stand - alone storylines , every episode features a scene in which bono dresses up as a ghost and scares kids into buying the red ipod from 2006 : no , the show isn t serialized , but u2 frontman bono does have a story arc in every single episode wherein he finds his old ipod shuffle from 2006 , dresses up as a ghost , and threatens to haunt children until they give him 100 for it . netflix bought black mirror after two seasons so that the show could never make an episode in which a video streaming service gives everybody mouth herpes : netflix was playing some aggressive defense when it bought black mirror in 2015 . had it not , the british network channel 4 would have released a damning episode called std tv in which everyone logs on to their favorite streaming service and then the next day look in the mirror to find huge , oozing sores around their mouths . the show routinely emphasizes that the perfect point for technology to have stopped progressing was the kitchenaid 5 - quart stand mixer : so far , the only technology worth trusting in the black mirror universe is the iconic deluxe kitchenaid artisan ksm150 and its more than 10 unique attachments . the creators of the show started out with only the idea of a show that featured the prime minister fucking a pig and then worked backwards to justify that : back in 2010 , showrunner charlie brooker knew he wanted to make a humble show about prime minister david cameron fucking a pig as part of an initiation ceremony for an elite secret society . little did he know , that simple idea would one day turn into the four seasons of black mirror that we know and love today
the new year is generally a time where people feel pressured to think of a resolution for the year , something in our lives that we would like to change , to work on , to learn , to let go of etc . the media does a great job of reminding us of this too and more often than not , the most common resolution , is to lose weight . it s no wonder that gym membership sales soar during this time . if you re anything like me , this thought of a resolution isn t even really crossing your mind until after christmas is over and then it s just kind of like , okay what s not working what should i try to change this year often we put little thought into these resolutions or we aren t being fully serious about them . instead of scrambling last - minute to think of something that we d like to change during the upcoming year or feeling guilty because it s now 3 weeks into 2018 and we have yet to even get started , maybe we should start thinking a bit more long - term . what do we want for ourselves do you ever ask yourself this simple question what do i want rather than just thinking i want to lose weight , we could think a bit more holistically and long - term ; i want to change my eating habits , i want to eat more fruits and vegetables , i would like to live a more active lifestyle . this will inevitably bring you the weight loss that you re after in a more sustainable way . so you could say by 2019 , i plan to have learned more about healthy eating , figured out which type of exercise i enjoy , and naturally have lost a few pounds , if that s your goal . this common form of last minute thinking , or little focused you time , is exactly why we created the 5 days of you challenge here at ce . it includes videos , worksheets , exercises and a clear plan for you to get clear on what you want , align with your soul and journey towards self realization . thinking more long - term can have a dramatic impact on your goals and from there you can take the baby steps needed in order to reach that goal . also , no joke , a vision board can be quite beneficial to help you to keep your eye on the prize so to speak and have a daily visual reminder of how you want your life to look and what you can do to get there it s important to be realistic with yourself . and i don t mean in terms of what you can accomplish , because i want you to know , in case you don t already know you are a powerful being , and you are capable of creating , and manifesting absolutely anything you desire for yourself . so , be realistic in terms of what you actually want , not what you think you should want . according to westernized society , we should all aim to get a degree , get married , buy a house , have children , etc . if that s not what you truly desire in your heart , then don t make that your goal . these dreams are for you and you alone . if you are unsure of this , then hey , don t stress , you still have about 11 months to get clear nah . . undoubtedly this can take time , but you still have to get started and for that , i highly recommend writing in a journal . it s interesting how powerful and effective writing in a journal can actually be . it s as if when you put all of your jumbled up thoughts down on paper , you are clearing the space in your head and you are literally communicating with the universe . what you put out you will get back . check yourself science has found that people with a higher level of self - efficacy and internal locus of control tend to radically outperform others . self - efficacy meaning your belief in your own ability to achieve your goals . how confident are you and how s your self talk do you tend to not think very highly of yourself and doubt your ability to actually achieve the things that you want for yourself internal locus of control meaning a belief that you , not an external circumstance will determine the outcomes of your life . external locus of control meaning a belief that factors that are outside of you determine the outcomes of your life . the fact of the matter is that the majority of the population have low self - efficacy and an external locus of control and research has shown that people with these two traits , so , are you a part of the majority if so , then chances are that unless you check yourself , accomplishing your goals might be more difficult for you . but it is important for you to know that you and only you , are in control of your own life . things are going to happen in the world , as they tend to all the time . but you are still in charge of your own life and how you react to those circumstances is entirely up to you . you have the power , you just have to realize that . it s easy to look at the lives of others and think to ourselves , oh lucky them . they had a better chance , their parents have money , they had a better start , but where is playing the victim really going to get you also , don t forget that we all Face struGGles in our lives , all of us , yes even the rich and famous . as abraham lincoln once said , the best way to predict your future is to create it . some important things to remember , you have to believe that you are in control of what happens to you in your life . you have to believe in your own ability to make things happen in your life , you have to remember that you are a powerful manifestor and can literally create anything you want for yourself . we are given the circumstances and challenges in our lives because we are strong and capable enough to overcome them . you and only you are responsible for the choices you make , your goals aren t going to achieve themselves , stay focussed . you can t lose hope , that s a dangerous slope . anythinG is possible don t ever forget that . there are numerous books on this topic that can potentially help you to see this in yourself . check out a list here also , a few that i have found to be quite insightful are , excuses begone by dr . wayne dyer and breaking the habit of being yourself , by dr . joe dispenza . and one more inspiring quote to leave you with , our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . it is our light , not our darkness , that most frightens us . your playing small does not serve the world . there is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won t feel insecure around you . we are all meant to shine as children do . it s not just in some of us ; it is in everyone . and as we let our own lights shine , we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same . as we are liberated from our own fear , our presence automatically liberates others . - marianne williamson join the 5 days of you challenge that begins monday january 29 th 2018 . the challenge includes videos , worksheets , exercises and a clear plan for you to get clear on what you want , align with your soul and journey towards self realization . you also get access to a private support community sign up for the challenge here .
while good sex alone can t sustain a soulful relationship , a lack of a sexual connection usually spells ruin . sexual intimacy pales in comparison to being deeply seen , respected , and held in a relationship when a like - minded person participates in our deeper growth and development . this is soul sex .
sex is easy , and can provide a form of instant intimacy . but it s not enough for deeper connection . while good sex alone can t sustain a soulful relationship , a lack of a sexual connection usually spells ruin . sexual intimacy pales in comparison to being deeply seen , respected , and held in a relationship when a like - minded person participates in our deeper growth and development . this is soul sex . as a relationship progresses , its depth increases , however slowly or imperceptibly . this process tests both partners : their tolerance , emotional triggers , trust , needs , and true desires . this progression happens in the context of giving and receiving love , both conditional and unconditional . love conditional love based in agreements is a given for us in intimate relationships , and to varying degrees among different couples . unconditional love happens as well , though less commonly , as we hold sacred space for our old wounds and disgruntlements , as well as for the ways our partner differs from us and for which we nonetheless offer support . when we allow disavowed or hidden aspects of us to find safe landing , to be seen , to be welcomed and held , they can be transformed by the mere act of their surfacing and our acceptance of them . relationships with rich emotional connection , healthy boundaries , and mutual respect gift us this capacity . shadow dance while making space to welcome our shadow can be a messy process , the more experience we get , the more we get to know what we can handle holding space for , as well as what our partner can handle . some issues are better vetted with close friends or in therapy , particularly those that trigger our partner . we might develop the capacity to sit with difficult feelings without sharing them in the moment , or choose to do so skillfully in the moment . anger , for example , is usually best to sit with for a time before expressing , so that we don t burn the bridges of intimacy . sitting with difficult feelings , especially our core emotional triggers , allows us to be there for ourselves before we ask others to be there for us . while holding space for emotional process in relationship is a blessing , we also have to understand that it s not our partner s obligation to do this , and it can unduly burden them . soul sex happens when consent and similar desires for fulfillment are mutual ; we can usually feel when this happens or not . soul sex is a profound turn - on and can also help deepen physical love - making . common ground while the old wisdom that opposites attract can make for interesting dynamics , i find that having enough similar interests is not only more enjoyable but provides the needed distraction , enjoyment , and lightheartedness that is essential for a deeply meaningful relationship . age differences as well might not be as significant as having similar core values , life trajectory , and spiritual perspectives . qualities i appreciate in a partner include a passion for truth and wisdom , equality , fierceness , outspokenness , compassion and empathy , stewardship of the land , mind - body integration , and healthy lifestyle . ultimately , two individuals can have great soul sex if their soul trajectories are similar : how much each has worked on themselves , the depth each aspires to and embodies , and how much each can welcome and navigate shadows that present when the soul is deeply stirred . partners might have different interests , but non - negotiable core values turn the soul on without similar trajectories that reflect similar core values of potency , fun , compassion , and everyday interests , partners are more likely to leave the relationship . of course , sometimes parting happens anyway for logistical and other reasons . ironically , such parting , while excruciating , also helps us cultivate soul in the ways we grow from being broken - hearted . your inbox will never be the same inspiration and all our best content , straight to your inbox . attraction if both partners don t share a similar trajectory , the soul - chemistry usually isn t sufficient to sustain the connection . sexual attraction is also a key component for soul sex , such that each finds the other physically desirable . with soul chemistry and physical attraction , orgasm can happen on every level of our being . when soul sex happens when deep emotional support and sustainable connection occur we can become more physically attracted to our partners , because we love who they are . we might even find ourselves sexually attracted to someone who is not our type or whom we would not ordinarily be drawn to . the central practice for becoming soul - sexy is emotional healing . when we join with a partner who also cultivates emotional integration , hot soul sex and lovemaking can flourish in climax soul sex is synonymous with the healing and evolving container of sacred relationship . it s a lot more challenging than superficial relating . but the possibilities it allows are invaluable : the healing of our deepest wounds and the ability to share and receive love in all its grounded , embodied glory . a supportive network of loving friends , vital community , and a nourishing relationship with the natural world help to support us in the often - challenging container of soul - stirring intimate relationships . we need others to help us hold them , process our challenges , and find strength to endure and nurture their poignancy . in this sense , we share the soul of our primary relationship with others , leading to the building of soul in the community . if we want depth , meaning , and a richer intimacy than sex alone , consider soul sex . for these very reasons i like to spend time in relationships that both nourish and keep me at my growth edge . these are the relationships of a lifetime .
pensacola , fla . on janurary 20 th jose garcia montes took four children from their home and told the mother he would bring them back later that evening , officials say . montes has yet to return with the four kids and is wanted for kidnapping . he was last seen driving a gold toyota sedan heading towards louisiana . the missing children are jose emmanuel garcia , 3 , kristina marie garcia , 4 , kymani nevaeh reese , 6 , kaelynn sophia garcia , 2 . if you have any information on their whereabouts call 9 - 1 - 1 .
the announcement came on saturday . just three days before the alabama special election that transfixed the nation , and on the same day that president trump fact - checked the washington post s dave weigel , iraq s prime minister declared victory in the war against isis . iraq with indispensable american help has regained control of its cities and its border with syria . isis has been reduced to a shadow of its former self . the victory isn t confined to iraq . american - allied forces control isis s former capital in syria , and the world s largest jihadist army is gone . bands of insurgents still prowl the countryside , and isis cells exist across the world , but the war against the caliphate is over . it s been won . so why does no one seem to care it was exactly three years ago that the middle east was in crisis . the isis blitzkrieg had brought iraq to its knees . jihadists controlled immense sections of iraq and syria . abu bakr al - baghdadi spoke from mosul s great mosque , declared himself caliph ibrahim , and called on muslims across the world to join him in his jihad . they answered his call by the thousands . they flocked to syria and iraq from north africa , europe , and asia . britain was rocked by reports that more of its muslim residents had joined isis than joined the british military . isis initiated genocide . it threatened the kurds . it threatened baghdad . americans old enough to remember the fall of saigon began to wonder : was history repeating itself x for veterans of the iraq war like me , these were extraordinarily painful months . friends died over there . others lost limbs or suffered terrible wounds . every man and woman who served in iraq sacrificed something , even if it was only a year of their life . and now our nation looked like a bystander to a calamity . through withdrawal , we d squandered the military victory of the surge . through withdrawal , we d empowered our enemies . even after the obama administration intervened to stave off total defeat , isis still dominated the narrative . it helped unleash a wave of terror in europe . terror investigations and attempted terror attacks spiked in the u . s . even while under american and allied aerial assault , isis still held territory . it still controlled major cities . remember how debates about isis dominated the presidential primaries remember how donald trump and ted cruz ratcheted up their rhetoric until they both seemed to promise that they d commit war crimes like carpet bombing and torture to defeat the deadly threat isis was often the most important and most prominent story in the world . now , however , the caliphate is a smoking ruin . it courted conflict with the great powers . it craved armageddon , and it got its wish . no one knows isis s exact casualty figures , but its fighters have died by the tens of thousands . i ve spoken to men who were directly involved in the air campaign , and they have told me that the public doesn t yet understand the sheer scale and ultimate effectiveness of the american attacks . yes , we withdrew from iraq too soon . yes , our counteroffensive against isis unfolded slowly . but we fought back , we trained and equipped allies , and we won . this is one of the best stories of the young trump administration . while many of the battles were fought under obama , trump pursued the enemy relentlessly . he delegated decision - making to commanders in the field , they fought within the laws of war , and they prevailed . trump promised to defeat isis , and he has delivered a tremendous victory . part of the blame still rests with us . let s be honest : panic and fear make for a better story than victory and peace . so why isn t this bigger news part of the blame , of course , rests with trump himself . peruse his twitter feed for a moment . aside from the occasional boast about the economy , trump uses his favorite instrument to wage war on fake news and to pursue personal vendettas . it s hard to blame the press for not reporting more extensively on the war when the president himself is directing its attention elsewhere . he s the first president in my lifetime who somehow seems determined to distract the public from good news by creating his own bad news . we re also understandably wary of mission accomplished moments . jihadists , including isis jihadists , are still out there seeking to kill americans . and we shouldn t minimize that reality in acknowledging the momentous accomplishment of the caliphate s defeat . but part of the blame still rests with us . let s be honest : panic and fear make for a better story than victory and peace . i hear all the time from friends who ask me to write more about good news . yet i write about good news all the time , and those pieces are often among my least - read articles . perhaps i m simply bad at writing about good things . or perhaps the public has less appetite for the positive . either way , it s time for this to change . americans died in the fight against isis . they restored american military victory in iraq , preserving the gains of the men and women who fought there years before . in the process , they defeated one of most vicious and evil enemies our nation has ever faced . they helped retake cities and liberate the oppressed . they won a war . it s a victory worth a celebration . read more : did trump beat isis the fall of raqqa is a marvelous , bipartisan american victory as isis falls , don t forget the lessons of the recent past david french is a senior writer for national review , a senior fellow at the national review institute , an attorney , and a veteran of operation iraqi freedom .
despite president trump s positive health exam results , cnn simply won t accept the white house doctor s assessment . pundits who have not examined trump parsed the results and drew conclusions likely intended to scare viewers . host alisyn camerota and medical analyst sanji gupta declared trump to be borderline obese , predicted he would have a heart attack in 3 - 5 years and gupta concluded the president has heart disease . camerota held back laughs over trump s height , which the exam found to be 6 3 . he had reportedly been 6 2 in the past . somehow he has grown while being in the white house , she snarked . because of trump s weight of 239 lbs . , she said his body mass index is two - nine point nine . gupta conceded the bmi ratio is not a perfect ratio by any means , but nevertheless , went on to declare trump borderline obese . so he s point - one away from being in the obese category , camerota emphasized . after vice president joe biden s doctor panned cnn s hysteria , camerota went back to gupta . because of trump s calcium score , cnn predicted the president will have a heart attack or heart disease in 3 - 5 years . but gupta was more aggressive . so the president has heart disease , he declared . yesterday , cnn host brian stelter didn t accept dr . ronny jackson s findings , either . here ' s how the next few hours will go . trump supporters will say " concerns about trump ' s mental health were always absurd . case closed now . " the obvious response : " the q ' s about fitness for office are serious . someone could be sharp as a tack , but still unfit " brian stelter ( brianstelter ) january 16 , 2018 here s how the next few hours will go , he sniffed . trump supporters will say concerns about trump s mental health were always absurd . case closed now . the obvious response : the q s about fitness for office are serious . someone could be sharp as a tack , but still unfit , he tweeted .
google , the most powerful search engine in the world , is now displaying fact checks for conservative publications in its results . no prominent liberal site receives the same treatment . and not only is google s fact - checking highly partisan perhaps reflecting the sentiments of its leaders it is also blatantly wrong , asserting sites made claims they demonstrably never made . when searching for a media outlet that leans right , like the daily caller ( thedc ) , google gives users details on the sidebar , including what topics the site typically writes about , as well as a section titled reviewed claims . vox , and other left - wing outlets and blogs like gizmodo , are not given the same fact - check treatment . when searching their names , a topics they write about section appears , but there are no reviewed claims . in fact , a review of mainstream outlets , as well as other outlets associated with liberal and conservative audiences , shows that only conservative sites feature the highly misleading , subjective analysis . several conservative - leaning outlets like thedc are vetted , while equally partisan sites like vox , thinkprogress , slate , the huffington post , daily kos , salon , vice and mother jones are spared . occupy democrats is apparently the only popular content provider from that end of the political spectrum with a fact - checking section . big name publications like the new york times , the washington post , and the los angeles times are even given a column showcasing all of the awards they have earned over the years . the robert mueller fact check ( pictured above ) is a case in point for google s new feature . ostensibly trying to sum up the crux of the post , the third - party fact - checking organization says the claim in a dc article that special counsel robert mueller is hiring people that are all hillary clinton supporters is misleading , if not false . the problem is that thedc s article makes no such claim . their cited language doesn t even appear in the article . worse yet , there was no language trying to make it seem that the investigation into the trump administration and russia is entirely comprised of clinton donors . the story simply contained the news : mueller hired a hillary clinton donor to aid the investigation into president donald trump . still , the washington post gave the claim , which came from trump himself , its official three pinocchios rating . the method applies to several other checks . claims concocted or adulterated by someone outside the thedc are attributed to thedc , in what appears to be a feature that only applies to conservative sites . examples of such misattribution and misrepresentation are aplenty . for instance , using snopes . com , an organization with highly dubious fact - checking capabilities , google s platform shows an article by thedc to have a so - called mixture of truth . the claim made , according to snopes . com and google , is a transgender woman raped a young girl in a women s bathroom because bills were passed a quick read of the news piece shows that there was no mention of a bill or any form of legislation . the story was merely a straightforward reporting of a disturbing incident originally reported on by a local outlet . ( related : why is google ceo eric schmidt technically serving in the department of defense ) and like snopes , another one of google s fact - checking partners , climate feedback , is not usually regarded as objective . snopes and google also decided to fact - check an obviously tongue - in - cheek article in which a writer for thedc pokes fun at a professor saying the solar eclipse in 2017 was naturally racist . even vox pointed out the absurdity of the educator s literary tirade on mother nature s purported racial prejudice , and the damage it might have done to real arguments of apparent racism . while snopes got some flak for its choice , no one seems to have noticed the absurdity of the world s go - to search engine providing fact - checks to purposefully irreverent content , rather than hard news stories . overall , such inclusion embodies google s fact - checking services , which , as many presciently feared , are biased , if not also downright libelous . ( related : silicon valley seems to love burying conservative news ) google acknowledged it received an inquiry from thedcnf , but did not fully respond by time of publication . follow eric on twitter send tips to [ email protected ] . freedom of speech isn t free the daily caller news foundation is working hard to balance out the biased american media . for as little as 3 , you can help us . make a one - time donation to support the quality , independent journalism of thedcnf . we re not dependent on commercial or political support and we do not accept any government funding .
a group of 5 muslim asylum seekers kidnapped a little boy at knifepoint , mercilessly beat him , and took turns brutally raping him in a wooded area . however , after a liberal judge heard the gruesome details of their sadistic attack , he explained with 3 ridiculous words why all 5 would be allowed to remain in the country as refugees . it s no surprise that when we welcome in the adherents of a fundamentally violent supremacist ideology , we are subjected to their wrath regardless of how tolerant and welcoming we are . what s unforgivable , however , is the left s consistent tolerance of the most inhumane crimes simply because the offenders are muslim migrants . sickeningly enough , this justification of evil was once again present in a court of law as a judge exempted a gang of savage child rapists from justice for nothing other than their refugee status and muslim origin . breitbart reports that a group of 5 afghan migrants , each ranging from age 16 to 17 , lured a young boy , who is believed to be under the age of 15 , into a woodland area in sweden and gang raped him at knifepoint for over an hour in october . the boy , who is also from afghanistan , was severely beaten , bitten , and spat on while his rapists filmed the sickening ordeal . a swedish court in uppsala county found all of the migrants guilty of aggravated rape and the one who filmed it also guilty of child pornography . however , when it came time to sentence the dangerous asylum seekers , the judge had just 3 words to defend his refusal to deport the migrants . he explained that extraditing the rapists back to afghanistan would be too dangerous under sharia law , swedish newspaper the local reports . given their age and the security situation in afghanistan , they would be hit very hard by the expulsion , the judge said in his ruling . saving the abusers from a deserved punishment , the judge denied the prosecution s request for deportation , giving 4 of the rapists a paltry 15 months in prison while the fifth one received only 13 months imprisonment , according to the expressen . the judge saved the migrant child rapists from a standard 6 - year sentence , admitting that their ages played a factor in the reduced punishment , even though the swedish migration confirmed that at least one of the attackers is an adult . the express reports that the defendants were also ordered to pay damages of over 27 , 000 to the young victim . fortunately , the prosecution told the court that the boy doesn t remember the horrific sexual assault because his attacker plied him with alcohol before taking him to the woods . in september , swedish pediatrician josef milerad broke the truth about the refugee crisis when he revealed to media that around 40 percent of all the refugee children he s treated are actually between 20 and 25 years old . he added that in some cases , asylum seekers in their 40 s are being given residence as unaccompanied minors . there are only a few cases of course , but they have definitely been between 30 and 40 years old , milerad said . i think that my professional opinion , even if i can t support it with evidence , would turn out to be quite accurate there is a difference between a 16 - year - old and a 20 - year - old . and few people are definitely between 30 and 40 years . sweden is paying the price for opening its borders to civilians of the world s most violent and oppressive countries . unfortunately , they aren t only heading to sweden . millions of migrants are passing by countless safe islamic nations for western countries whose freedoms and values they despise . their goal is to spread islam and establish sharia law by any means necessary . whether this includes peacefully converting unbelievers , outbreeding non - muslims , or brutalizing innocent civilians depends on the religious devotion of the follower . photo credit [ pamela geller , independent ] shaRe the story and leave a comment by clicking one of the buttons below . follow us on facebook at mad world news
yet another ludicrous conspiracy theory overshadows issues of real significance paul joseph watson infowars . com august 8 , 2013 the internet is ablaze with yet another baseless conspiracy theory that only serves to distract from real cover - ups and issues of genuine significance the hoax that nsa whistleblower edward snowden recently warned of a solar flare killshot set to wipe out hundreds of millions of people in september . according to the original article , edward snowden , hacker - fugitive and former national security agency ( nsa ) contractor , revealed tuesday that a series of solar flares is set to occur in september , killing hundreds of millions of people . documents provided by snowden prove that , as of 14 years ago , central intelligence agency ( cia ) remote viewers knew that the event was inevitable . ever since , the world s governments have quietly been trying to prepare for the sweeping global famine to result . the story has since gone viral , appearing on countless forums and websites and attracting thousands upon thousands of comments . like all popular hoaxes , the story has a thin veneer of authenticity . the sun is set to exhibit some strange behavior as a result of a magnetic field flip that occurs around once every 11 years . this will cause a feverish peak in solar activity , leading to more solar flares and coronal mass ejections , potentially disrupting satellites and power grids on earth but not leading to the slaughter of hundreds of millions of people . given that there are so many actual cover - ups , scandals and issues of real significance that we could be concentrating on , it s really quite disappointing that so many people have wasted their energy on something that is so transparently false . the hoax also serves to distract from snowden s authentic revelations about nsa surveillance . the source of the story can be traced back to the internet chronicle , which if you read the site s about page is clearly a satirical website which disseminates false and overtly ludicrous stories . the website jokes that it originated , after crash landing in an asteroid december 30 th , 1976 , the alien husks of chronicle editors rapidly adapted to earth climates and bacterial flora . they are able to survive naturally in the wild and reproduce freely . receiving tweets twice daily via fax from religious advisers impregnates our right - wing furnace of hate , enabling us to bring you the most horrifyingly sensational headlines you ve ever seen , or your money back guaranteed states the website . and if that wasn t enough to convince you that the website is a hoax , just take a look at the other headlines featured on the front page , many of which are based on bizarre manufactured stories involving edward snowden . vatican forces storm dome of the rock , pope names snowden messiah edward snowden killed by drone strike on ecuadorian embassy snowden reveals second shooter in zimmerman case snowden granted sainthood nsa whistleblower ed snowden : saddam hussein did wtc 7 obama pardons edward snowden other hoax stories appear with headlines like paula deen commits suicide at 66 and wendy s unveils new hacker theme for restaurants . the gullibility of thousands upon thousands of people in falling for such a patent hoax because they didn t spend 30 seconds checking the source only provides the mainstream media with more ammunition to shoot down very real cover - ups and conspiracies , such as the death of michael hastings , by lumping in genuine issues with baseless conspiracy theories such as the edward snowden solar killshot hoax . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * paul joseph watson is the editor and writer for infowars . com and prison planet . com . he is the author of order out of chaos . watson is also a host for infowars nightly news . this article was posted : thursday , august 8 , 2013 at 7 : 38 am tags : science related articles > republished from : infowars
mountain view , ca - october 27 : google ceo eric schmidt looks on during a conversation with u . s . speaker of the house nancy pelosi october 27 , 2008 at google headquarters in mountain view , california . pelosi and schmidt engaged in a conversation and answered questions as part of the google speaker series . ( photo by justin sullivan / getty images ) eric schmidt , chief executive of google parent company alphabet , was appointed chairman of a department of defense program in 2016 that was established by former president barack obama s administration . a staunch supporter of the democratic party and critic of president donald trump , schmidt still continues to lead the defense innovation board ( dib ) , even well after the new administration took over in january . this begs the question : should schmidt s history of partisan advocacy and condemnation of trump be a worrisome prospect for the current white house regardless of the answer , trump s retention of schmidt may be emblematic of more than political divisiveness within the current administration , like from obama holdovers . in fact , it may be the opposite of unwanted internal discord and a sign of an underlying ethos for the trump administration diversity of thought . when you look at the composition of the initial economic advisory board , it kind of reminds me of what trump is doing here , justin danhof , general counsel of the national center for public policy research and director of the free enterprise project , told the daily caller news foundation . he s putting together a team of rivals . if you want to get to the best ideas , you can t have everyone in the room thinking the same thing . alphabet announced on thursday that schmidt will be stepping down in january , marking the seeming end to a 17 - year - career at google and its parent company . it s quite likely that he will maintain economic and personal interests in the business , especially since he s expected to stay on as a member of alphabet s board of directors and serve as an adviser . the dib was formally created in march 2016 , and former secretary of defense ash carter later announced that schmidt would be heading the organization . other specifically chosen board members include famous astrophysicist neil degrasse tyson , linkedin cofounder reid hoffman , wharton school of business professor dr . adam grant , instagram coo marne levine , university of texas chancellor and former special operations command commander navy adm . william mcraven , among several others . some , like david williams , president of the taxpayers protection alliance , saw schmidt s taking of the helm as somewhat disconcerting given the open - door policy the obama administration allegedly had with one of the country s most powerful companies . there needs to be a massive amount of oversight with this board , williams told thedcnf . if the dod is contemplating new technology to address a new defense need , will it be skewed toward a technology that benefits google or one of the companies massive potential for conflicts of interest with real taxpayer implications . and it s not just personal business affairs that are concerning to some schmidt s own brand of politics could conceivably come into play , whether intentionally or subconsciously . he was spotted wearing a staff badge during then - democratic candidate for president hillary clinton s election night party . not long after , schmidt reportedly told an audience of employees that trump is going to do these evil things as they ve done in the immigration area and perhaps some others . in correlation with his statements to employees , alphabet also reportedly spearheaded the funding efforts for the legal brief signed by nearly 100 companies that objected to trump s temporary immigration ban . ( related : google - funded think tank fires analyst for criticizing google , says report ) but due to the work of the dib which mainly centers around projects like modernizing military bases and ensuring defense systems are sufficiently up to date it appears that personal politics likely has a minimal impact . the defense innovation board is focused on supporting the department of defense on issues , such as ai , data analytics , software acquisition , and shaping the culture of the dod workforce . these issues know no partisan boundaries , navy cmdr . patrick evans , who does press operations for the pentagon , told thedcnf . dod cares about enhancing lethality , strengthening alliances and partnerships , and reforming the department . dib is about advancing the department and serving the american public , not politics . google declined to comment on the record and referred thedcnf to the dod for any statements or insight . a top representative for google was sure to add , though , that schmidt serves on the board in a personal respect , separate from his work at alphabet or its subsidiaries . conversely , schmidt could arguably be more than a good fit for the dib given its overarching goals . the program seeks to advise the department on areas that are deeply familiar to silicon valley companies , such as rapid prototyping , iterative product development , complex data analysis in business decision making , and organizational information sharing , evans explains . then - secretary carter selected the board to represent a cross - section of america s most innovative industries , drawing on technical and management expertise from across the country . furthermore , alphabet is a tech conglomerate that , along with other functions , serves as a corporate umbrella for several subsidiaries including google . most notably , alphabet includes x lab , which serves as an incubator for startups , meaning the larger holding company also acts as a hub for technological research and development . williams says that the idea of the dib isn t a bad one because updating the government s services and infrastructure is needed . the only concern is that there s too much of an emphasis on tinkering rather than fundamental reforms , like ending big failing spending programs , he added , implying that innovation may distract from more necessary changes , like deep cuts to costly expenditures . danhof says the dib is a great idea , even with the prospect of it backfiring for trump if board members resign out of political protest . if you think about how laggard the u . s . government is when it comes to innovation and technology breakthroughs , if you look at the backlog that s at the va [ department of veteran affairs ] , if eric schmidt could do even one thing to improve something like that , then i think that this should be cheered as a great success , danhof asserted . president trump should be cheered for thinking outside the box and going with someone who has spoken out against him , who is a political rival in a sense in that he supports the other party full lock , stock , and barrel . trump is willing to look past all of that to try to find the best people to help this government operate better . while also commending obama for the board s creation , danhof said having schmidt stay on the board is a true sign of trump s acute business acumen since any good business operator or owner doesn t hire people merely because they think the same way and are likable . you hire someone who s the best person for the job , danhof continued . if it s how we technologically innovate , why wouldn t you think of one of the founders of google , even if he is against you in almost everything you say , think , or do in a political standpoint also watch : follow eric on twitter send tips to [ email protected ] . the daily caller news foundation is working hard to balance out the biased american media . for as little as 3 , you can help us . freedom of speech isn t free . make a one - time donation to support the quality , independent journalism of thedcnf . we re not dependent on commercial or political support and we do not accept any government funding . content created by the daily caller news foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . for licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact [ email protected ] .
when a mother - of - two reported to the police that she had been gang - raped by a group of migrants , investigators thought it was just a typical sexual assault case . however , as soon as they inspected the woman s dress , the shocked authorities realized that what they were dealing with was something much more horrific than anything they d ever seen . the left claims that the only way to fight intolerance and oppression is with love . of course , when the very migrant they tirelessly defend go on brutal sex attacks , the likes of which the progressive west has never seen , they chastise the victims for provoking said migrants and perpetuating racism . unfortunately , one of those victims had to suffer one of the most horrific cases of sexual abuse sweden has ever seen so that her country can experience the left s multiculturalism to the fullest . fria tider reports that after swedish police discovered a gang - raped mother - of - two , investigators found 48 different stains of semen on her dress . in what is considered one of the country s most shocking rape cases , authorities recovered sperm from at least 4 people in her digestive tract alone , and only 9 men have yet to be connected to the terrifying rape . in december of 2015 , the woman was attacked in a refugee camp in smaland by a group of asylum seekers , including 25 - year - old afghan migrant rafi bahaduri who was employed by the swedish migration board , 10 news translates . despite having a prior conviction of rape and being the suspect in several other rape cases , bahaduri was given a job as an interpreter by the migration board before taking part in the brutal attack . the left s poster child of migrant assimilation stood up in court and announced that the traumatized victim is a whore who was asking to be raped . she is a whore . i knew this would happen . she wanted it , bahadri explained to the police when he was arrested . the victim was raped for hours in an asylum center apartment and was later found by police in a pool of her own blood . she endured such bodily trauma that she was bound to a wheelchair for 4 weeks and suffered from a bruised throat , sore genitals , and minor stomach injuries . a witness revealed that the asylum seekers expressed their desire to find a girl to f * * * and even laughed and applauded as they took turns carrying out vaginal , anal , and oral rape . the victim testified that she nearly died when the migrants blocked her airway during the oral rape . a year later , she claims that it still feels pain in her genitals and is afraid of men , especially migrants . as the trial commenced , the traumatized woman ran from the courtroom to vomit . unbelievably , one of the rapists , hedayat rahmati was sentenced to deportation but has since been freed from jail and is back on the streets . he [ rahmati ] was the one who started the abuse . the first time it was common vaginal intercourse . then they took turns raping her . both vaginally and anally . they pressed it ( penises ) so deep down her throat that she had difficulty breathing , reads the verdict . sweden has a knack for not only freeing convicted migrants but also allowing them to remain in sweden and even collect compensation . this is part of the liberal dream that is multiculturalism . we ve invited in hordes of people who despise our cultures , laws , and values , hoping that our kindness will convince them to abandon over 1 , 400 years of religious violence and oppression . sharE the story and leave a comment by clicking one of the buttons below . foLLow us on facebook at mad world news
the results are in : planned parenthood remains america s biggest abortion provider . and it s not even close . the organization which recently celebrated its centennial anniversary has just released its annual report for the 2016 17 fiscal year . the numbers confirm what rational observers have long known : planned parenthood exists to provide abortions , and not much else . amid the gloom , there is one glimmer of positive news . last year , the group provided fewer abortions than it had the year before , though the number is still staggering : 321 , 384 abortion procedures in one year alone . in 2015 16 , planned parenthood reported 328 , 348 abortions . a decrease in abortions , of course , isn t planned parenthood s victory to celebrate not that the group is trying to take credit for the drop , or celebrating it at all . the u . s . abortion rate has dropped steadily since 1980 , so the decline in planned parenthood administered abortions is much more the result of a greater number of women deciding to carry pregnancies to term than it is an indication of the group s efforts to de - emphasize abortion . and yet planned parenthood continues to portray itself as a solicitous women s health organization that just so happens to occasionally perform an abortion or two , when it s absolutely necessary . this report is no exception , and the astonishing figure of 321 , 384 is treated as nothing more than a footnote . aided by hollywood , complicit media , and democratic politicians and activists , planned parenthood cloaks the truth beneath empty rhetoric about resisting the hostile trump administration . but key facts in this report unveil the brutal reality : planned parenthood is a corporation that exists primarily to profit from abortion . aided by hollywood , complicit media , and democratic politicians and activists , planned parenthood cloaks the truth beneath empty rhetoric about resisting the hostile trump administration . here are the top myths planned parenthood peddles that are debunked by information from its own annual report . 1 . ) abortion is just 3 percent of planned parenthood s business . this statistic has been rated false by left - leaning outlets , including slate and the washington post . the claim rests on a deceptive tactic : calculating abortion procedures as a fraction of its services defined by the group as discrete clinical interactions rather than as a fraction of its clients . take an example . a woman walks into a planned parenthood clinic . she takes a pregnancy test , meets with a counselor , and chooses to have an abortion procedure . while she s there , she also receives an sti test and a breast exam and is handed birth control on her way out the door . planned parenthood would count each of these discrete interactions six in total as a service , so abortion would be only 16 percent of that woman s visit . applying this method to an entire year of services , planned parenthood inflates its numbers to make abortion look like a vanishingly small part of what it does . the actual numbers in the report tell a drastically different story . look , for instance , at how the 321 , 384 abortion procedures dwarf adoption referrals ( 3 , 889 ) and prenatal services ( 7 , 762 ) . planned parenthood performed 83 abortions for every one adoption referral last year . and its prenatal services have dropped steadily every year since 2009 , from over 40 , 000 that year to just under 8 , 000 last year . hardly comprehensive women s health care . planned parenthood performed 83 abortions for every one adoption referral last year . what s more , planned parenthood performs about one - third of annual u . s . abortions , making it the single largest abortion provider in the country , by far . as the most expensive procedure provided , abortion underwrites a huge portion of the group s bottom line . surely this is why the national organization routinely imposes abortion quotas on its regional affiliates and rewards clinics that exceed their abortion targets . planned parenthood president , cecile richards , has inadvertently underscored the group s repeated attempts to downplay its commitment to abortion . richards met with ivanka trump last year to discuss the group s future , and trump suggested that planned parenthood split into two financially distinct groups , one of which offered no abortion , allowing it to receive government money without compromising taxpayers consciences . richards refused , calling it na ve and saying that trump failed to understand how central abortion is to planned parenthood s mission . 2 . ) millions of women wouldn t have health care if planned parenthood didn t exist . the report indicates that planned parenthood saw 2 . 4 million clients in the last fiscal year . but , as has been shown by the group s own figures , it doesn t provide those clients with very many actual health - care services . according to the report , the only significant services offered , besides abortion , are sti and hiV tests , contraception , and pregnancy tests . last year , it provided only 235 , 000 well - woman exams and 32 , 000 family practice services , despite executives repeated claims that the group is an average health - care provider offering a vast selection of regular health - care services . the report also hints , but doesn t outright acknowledge , that planned parenthood closed dozens of clinics over the last year . its 2015 16 report cited nearly 650 health centers , while this year s report highlights more than 600 . according to american life league s annual survey , planned parenthood closed 32 clinics last year , leaving the group with just 597 facilities . this means that several states have only a handful of planned parenthood centers , and some have as few as one or two . and yet we are supposed to believe that these paltry clinics provide essential care to women who would otherwise have nowhere to go . in reality , there exist over 13 , 000 federally qualified health - care centers across the country that offer a wide array of actual health - care procedures , not just a tiny selection of reproductive services . these centers outnumber planned parenthood facilities 20 to one . it is beyond absurd to suggest that american women would have nowhere to turn for health care if not to planned parenthood . 3 . ) planned parenthood both needs and deserves government funding . a plurality of planned parenthood s revenue last year came from government reimbursements and grants , totaling more than half a billion dollars . the group is , understandably , fixated on retaining and expanding that funding surely in large part for the pr cover it provides . planned parenthood s political - action wing spends millions each year lobbying to increase its federal funding , essentially taking government coin and using it to push for even more . the group s executives have recently taken to crusading against the hyde amendment , which bars federal funding from paying for abortion procedures . ( the fungibility of money , of course , means that any federal money given to planned parenthood aids the group in providing abortions . ) but the group could very easily continue to exist without federal money . for one thing , the trump administration has been great for business . the group s private donations went up by nearly 100 million last year , bringing the tally to more than half a billion dollars from wealthy benefactors . if planned parenthood were ever actually defunded , you can bet that number would skyrocket even higher . and there s no question that planned parenthood is rolling in excess cash . its net assets at the end of last fiscal year totaled more than 1 . 6 billion , up from 1 . 5 billion the year before . the group directs more than 174 million annually to management salaries , an ever - increasing number . planned parenthood s pac is among the most powerful lobbying groups in american politics , shelling out 40 million last year for public policy and investing upwards of 175 million in such nebulous categories as movement building , strengthening and securing planned parenthood , and engaging communities . if the group can manage to scrounge up enough cash for these activities and continue to sit comfortably on assets in excess of 1 billion surely it can bear its own operating costs . given its commitment to abortion , and its lack of commitment to much else in the way of actual health care , it should be required to do just that . the public square is rife with misinformation and outright lies about what planned parenthood does . its own annual report should end any debate . it is , first and foremost , a corporation that profits from the routine and casual slaughter of unborn children . for the sake of political prudence , it must be defunded . for the sake of justice , it must be shut down . rEad mOrE : no , the dOj investigation of planned parenthood is not a witch hunt kill the child , spare it no pain cold justice in texas population control , the undying dream of the left alexandra desanctis is a william f . buckley jr . fellow in political journalism with the national review institute .
letters to the editor letters to the editor by news on the net - sunday , july 17 , 2016 - full story let the worlds of fiction and fun speak the unspoken truths the players of tv fiction were prominent at the recent golden globes telling of the world of harassment and abuse , previously perversely referred to as the casting couch . this was not new but only now were so many brave enough to speak up . sports players , many of the nfl s best , spoke up against the number of people in their communities being killed and that all lives mattered . the reluctance to stand for the flag was concerning but it did get the message out there . soon there are two major events that will be seen worldwide , the oscars in march and the super bowl early in february . both show the best in their fields of endeavour and although the black arm band approach has been criticized the messages must get out there . these are people that are loved , respected and looked up to and hero worship is wonderful for some but it also comes with an opportunity , and realistically a responsibility , to be a positive role model . the basis of real freedom is the opportunity to tell the truth even when not everyone wants to hear it . if only the politicians would tell , hear and accept the truth . let s listen to what we should be hearing . by guest column - - dennis fitzgerald - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story we have thankless nfl players taking the knee for causes that change with the wind we have thankless nfl players taking the knee for causes that change with the wind . the nfl players , owners and roger goodell should get down on their hands and knees and thank more than 620 , 000 union soldiers who were wounded , maimed and died in the american civil war freeing the slaves . why aren t the players protesting the entrenched chicago politicians who have destroyed the lives of so many black families they should have been upset to see children murdered on the streets and in their homes by thugs . where are the tears of grief and the outrage for that abandonment football fans , black , white , red , yellow and brown are not going to reward players who disrespect the american flag , the national anthem and our country s honor . the players were given a talent for throwing a ball , for goodness sake . throwing a ball has given them a life - style only dreamed of by mortals . thank god you were able to achieve your dreams . now , do something for others who are crying out to you for help and keep politics out of it . by guest column - - kathlyn messina - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story deport alien criminals . stop chain migration i just don t get why it is so difficult . secure the border , enforce immigration laws starting today . deport alien criminals . stop chain migration . protect the so called dreamers . with that we would then be a nation with borders and laws . children and young people deserve our thoughtful consideration of their future . but they absolutely must not be used as pawns to bring in anyone else . those people should follow the process that all good immigrants before them have followed . and future daca members should be prevented . democrats need to remember that we have granted amnesty in the past with the assurance that it would never happen again . and here we are . let s get it right this time so we can move on to other pressing problems . this should be an easy one , only when there are ulterior motives does it become complicated . by guest column - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story pilate also washed his hands president trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital was the right thing to do and a predictable and appropriate response to former president barack obama s benighted decision to engineer the u . n . security council resolution to declare judaism s holiest places in jerusalem to be occupied territory and a flagrant violation under international law . obama s decision was done out of personal revenge against p . m . netanyahu and totally nothing to do with long - standing american policy . this was a decision striking right at the very heart of israel . there is a good argument to be made that obama made peace in the middle east more difficult and trump made it more possible . virtually everyone in the international community agrees that israel has a legitimate claim to these and other areas of jerusalem . obama s resolution would make criminals out of israeli s who have a perfect right to access jewish holy sites . trump was simply acknowledging what everyone in israel already knows . jerusalem is the eternal capital of the jewish state and moving the american embassy there was the right thing to do and helped restore an appropriate balance in the u . n . and this has been a long - standing american tradition . regrettably , canada was one of 35 countries that abstained from the voting . this is strangely reminiscent of the cowardly pilate , governor of judaea who took water , and washed his hands before the multitude , saying , i am innocent of the blood of this just person . thousands of hebrew inscriptions throughout israel , numerous archaeological finds , and the bible itself proves beyond any dispute that israel s roots run very deep in this their land . it is nothing short of outrageous to rule that jews are not allowed access to their historic holy sites . the fact that the u . n . sees things differently changes nothing and certainly will not change the mind of the one who made the covenant with abraham 4000 years ago . by guest column - - gerald hall - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story let the best lead the rest . the us senate has passed a short - term funding bill that will put a stop to the government shutdown or at least until february 8 th . it was always likely to be resolved or put on hold within a few days but what does this really mean on the global scale it s an easy throw away quip to say that no governmnent may actually be an improvement over the trump led government but how much difference will it make to the unemployed , the refugees and the hundreds of thousands who face deportation our political futures are too big a concern to give to the petty politicians we seem to have in most countries . this minor political catastrophe has value in the light it shines on politicians who should be the best we have . other countries should not be gloating about their own performances as the events may be different but the characters are the same . let the best lead the rest . by guest column - - dennis fitzgerald - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story florida power and light is no longer seeking a rate increase to cover hurricane losses florida power and light is no longer seeking a rate increase to cover hurricane losses . why because the new tax plan will save them enough money that a rate increase won t be necessary . as a result , the average homeowner , democrats and republicans , will be spared the approximately 4 a month increase and businesses large and small will likely be spared even more pain . unlike those crumbs ( nancy pelosi s words not mine ) that other businesses shared with their employees , the fpl will benefit every resident . what will you do with your savings i m thinking crumb cake . by guest column - - andy bishop - thursday , january 18 , 2018 - full story nancy pelosi has no idea how the average american lives we always knew that nancy pelosi has no idea how the average american lives . in her protected , coddled , wealthy world she doesn t have to worry about paying her bills , finding money to repair her car , getting access to healthcare , or funding any of the myriad of little drains on the pocketbook . but , being the nice people that we are , we had no idea just how little she knows or cares . we need to set the record straight . we need to thank those companies who issued bonuses following the passage of the rewrite of the tax code . we need to let our senators and representatives know that it does matter . it matters very much . very few americans look on 1000 as crumbs . that 1000 could be a new set of tires , cleaning and checks at the dentist , clothes , plumbing repairs , soccer gear , a road trip . 1000 is 2 . 5 of 40 , 000 . so for someone in that income range , it represents more than the 2 cost of living increase social security recipients got in 2017 or will get in 2018 . by calling the bonuses handed out by companies crumbs she marginalized all hardworking americans . that makes me angry . by guest column - - malcolm williams - saturday , january 13 , 2018 - full story pink hats worn by the women in support of those sexually harassed were stupid and vulgar i thought from day one that the pink hats worn by the women in support of those sexually harassed were stupid and vulgar . i couldn t wrap my mind around a concerned and engaged group of educated women using the hat as their symbol of choice . apparently , some in that movement are questioning it as well , but not for the same reasons . they have decided they are too exclusive , leaving out women of color and transgendered women , etc . one woman said she didn t feel they were unifying . seriously , i m not making this up . to me , this hat was the epitome of a bad ad campaign and it sends a terrible message . imagine if this was dreamed up and implemented by a man he would be , and should be excoriated . the pink hat is demeaning . why would you use it as a public symbol of your discontent these ladies have sent women s right backwards and relegated woman to once again being thought of as nothing more than their reproductive parts . so sad . by guest column - - wilma howe - friday , january 12 , 2018 - full story justin trudeau s disturbing friends it is pretty much an axiomatic saying that you can tell an awful lot about someone by the friends they keep . with that in mind consider some of justin trudeau s friends and you can get a better idea where his policies are coming from . gerald butts is probably trudeau s closest political advisor . he is an old trudeau university buddy who is now the senior political advisor to trudeau and has had serious input into almost every policy trudeau campaigned on before his election . butts was the principal author of former ontario premier dalton mcguinty s bankrupting green energy policies . it was his idea for a positive message that helped mcguinty win in ontario and justin trudeau throughout his own campaign borrowed mcguinty s victory speech words that voters had rejected the politics of division . butts is an anti - energy environmental activist who is okay with running deficits which is why ontario continues to struggle to reduce its debts and has been downgraded by moody s to negative . trudeau campaigned on running modest deficits but the national bank said the deficit could actually reach ninety billion by the end of trudeau s term . by guest column - - gerald hall - thursday , january 11 , 2018 - full story be careful what you wish for in today s crazy world , western politicians are wasting billions of tax - payer dollars force - feeding costly unreliable green energy in the bizarre belief that this will somehow change earth s climate . even more incredible , they fear global warmth and seem hell - bent on creating global cooling . they should study climate history . it is snow and ice , cold dry air and carbon dioxide starvation we need to fear , not a warm , moist , fertile , bountiful atmosphere . climate change is natural and unstoppable . by viv forbes - tuesday , january 9 , 2018 - full story bad day at black rock november 8 , 2016 was a bad day at black rock for democrats . it is likened to a classic 1955 movie starring spencer tracy , a one armed stranger who comes to a tiny town possessing a terrible past they want to keep hidden by violent means if necessary . in this case , the town is washington , d . c . plagued by incompetency , weakness and deceit , and the stranger is donald trump . by george giftos - sunday , january 7 , 2018 - full story sooner or later it will be impossible to dismiss the positive impact president trump has had on our who is benefitting from job growth and lower numbers of undocumented immigrants black people , that s who . black unemployment is at a 45 year low . some fantastic news for those who have gained employment and for the country as a whole . it is yet another sign of a healthy economy that is improving by leaps and bounds . sooner or later it will be impossible to dismiss the positive impact president trump has had on our country . so hate his mannerisms if you must but don t discount the results . usually a scrapper gets more done than a dandy , it is just not as pretty a package . i think americans can live with that , eventually , even the never trumpers will have to recognize that he knows what he is doing . by guest column - - margaret glover - saturday , january 6 , 2018 - full story follow the donation trail . people don t donate to causes they don t believe in nov . 2017 , as reported by cnn , the democratic national committee had 6 . 3 million in its coffers , the republican national committee has 39 . 8 million . that tells the story , not the media , not the talking heads , not the hollywood elite , but real people donating hard earned money and businesses who believe in president trump s policies . if you wonder who the public supports , follow the donation trail . people don t donate to causes they don t believe in . by guest column - - virginia sparks - wednesday , january 3 , 2018 - full story california recreational marijuana law in another example of trapping people in poverty and of increasing welfare recipients , the new california recreational marijuana law will join washington state in imposing up to 50 total tax on sales , including medical marijuana . while i am opposed to the sale of recreational marijuana , it seems obvious to me that the legalization was more about increasing revenue than anything else . the extremely high tax rate has the potential to take food off the table of children and will plunge families into welfare or hold them there . and get this , if you are a pot smoker , you may forfeit your right to be a gun owner . since alcohol and prescription drug use do not prevent you from owning a gun , i would contend that the law is also being used as gun control . i guess the theory is that users will choose pot over their constitutional rights . when you look at the total picture , the marijuana law feeds right in to the liberal agenda . by guest column - - arnold avery - tuesday , january 2 , 2018 - full story the effort to encourage , cajole , or downright force people to take actions to protect our environmen the effort to encourage , cajole , or downright force people to take actions to protect our environment are laudable . it is probably an area where , had it been handled correctly , we could have stood on common ground . where the effort started meeting resistance was when it was accompanied by ridiculous claims and scare tactics . the whole climate change movement was seriously undermined by the obvious mishandling of the money thrown at the perceived problem . had the free market seen a desire for solar and wind generated electricity and electric cars , it would have done what it always does - produce the product . by the government subsidizing those manufacturers , it has created a mess , as usual . a lot of taxpayer money went down the tubes as companies took the subsidies and then went belly up . there is no way to measure how this would have played out had it been handled differently . you have to give both sides a little credit . the climate change proponents are genuinely concerned . the skeptics have been soured by the manipulation of data , the hypocrisy of some of the players ( al gore ) , the poor management of taxpayer money . we need a do over . by guest column - - victoria vaughn - monday , january 1 , 2018 - full story he s making a list and checking it twice we are not talking about the imagined action of an overrated santa claus here . after the un denounced president trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as capital of israel the trump administration has negotiated big cuts to the un s budget . trump is not known for bluffing and he is actually taking the names of those countries who voted against his decision on jerusalem . the un has readily taken millions in aid money from u . s . taxpayers over many years . by guest column - - gerald hall ( jerry ) - thursday , december 28 , 2017 - full story i wish the me too group would explain to me their silence on bill clinton i m not being snarky or oppositional when i say , sincerely , that i wish the me too group would explain to me their silence on bill clinton , then and now . no one had any higher office , nor wielded more power than pres . clinton . few , in the face of overwhelming evidence , have lied any more passionately . and , none have been granted the pass that he has been granted . even now , emboldened by the many who are speaking out , it is rare to hear anyone include bill clinton in a list of sexual harrassers . yet , that is where he belongs . is the silence fear is it political what is it that cloaks the former president in invisible armor i d ask about the kennedys too but they are dead , honest talk about their dalliances can t hurt them . those who are rabid about women s rights and women s obligation to speak out should probably be willing to paint all abusers with the same brush . picking and choosing really waters down the effectiveness of the message . by guest column - - shirley reynolds - wednesday , december 27 , 2017 - full story federal prisons : 1 in 5 people were born outside the country and 64 of those were illegals in federal prisons across the united states , 1 in 5 people were born outside the country and 64 of those were illegals . 37 , 557 federal prisoners shouldn t even be in the country . if one can assume the state prisons and local jails reflect the same numbers , there is a lot of money and resources being burned that could and should be used to solve other law enforcement problems . these figures were released by the department of justice as required by president trump . these are not good , hardworking , people , yearning to be free . these are criminals who did crimes serious enough to land them in federal lockup . it s easy to be a bleeding heart until you lose a loved one to illegal drugs , drive by shootings or random acts of terrorism . towns across this country are struggling with overdoses in alarming numbers , children are left without a parent or sometimes both . sadly , this is a trend within our power to curb and reverse . but we can t do that unless we agree on the obvious points . there is no rational argument for allowing people into our country who do not follow the lawful procedure , who cannot be identified , that we do not know where they live , who cannot support themselves and their families , and who have criminal backgrounds . yes , we are a country of immigrants , just not these sorts . by guest column - - john bryant - tuesday , december 26 , 2017 - full story my new year s resolution is to not add to the division 2017 is in the final days . it has been a difficult year . locally we dodged a bullet named irma , but not without some bruises . we have seen changes to our once quiet fishing town . we have lost friends , and made some new ones . we have seen increased traffic and with it more accidents or near accidents . our winter friends are returning . we are so glad to see them . we understand their value to our overall quality of life . hopefully they understand that we cannot run all things based on season because our reality for the other 9 months is entirely different . nationally , division seems to be the name of the game out there , old vs . young . white vs . black , annual vs . seasonal , kneelers vs . standers , and so it goes . my new year s resolution is to not add to the division . we can only control ourselves and our responses . i believe that kindness , patience , cheerfulness , graciousness and tolerance will make my heart happier and will set the tone for others . won t you join me let s lead by example . by guest column - - sylvia e . warren - wednesday , december 20 , 2017 - full story
while many of us may enjoy a bit of sushi here and there , this man took it to another level . sadly , this man ate sushi and sashimi every single day until a massive parasite slithered out of his body .
pound hits fresh highs against both the euro and the us dollar ( tom holian ) headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next sterling is now trading at a 9 month high to buy euros and an 18 month high to buy us dollars as sterling appears to be the currency of choice at the moment . since the start of the year the pound has increased by as much as 2 . 5 against the euro which is the difference of 4 , 300 on a currency transfer of 200 , 000 . against the us dollar the pound has moved by as much as 7 which is the difference of over 10 , 000 on a transfer of usd 200 , 000 highlighting the importance of keeping up to date with exchange rates on a regular basis particular during this volatile period . the dollar has weakened owing to a number of factors and earlier this week us treasury secretary steven mnuchin has spoken about a weaker dollar . indeed , it appears as though the us is not overly concerned with the dollar s weakness and this has led to these fresh highs for the pound vs the greenback . great news if you re considering buying us dollars at the moment . turning the focus towards gbpeUR exchange rates the pound has made some healthy gains vs the single currency following the release of record low levels of uk unemployment yesterday morning . as well as this the tone surrounding the topic of brexit appears to be much more positive at the moment and with phase 2 of the brexit talks due to start in march could the talks bring us closer to a resolution tomorrow morning brings with the first estimate for uk gdp figures for the final quarter of last year . this could cause a lot of volatility on rates so make sure you keep a close eye out on what happens to sterling following the release tomorrow morning at 930 am . for a free quote call me directly and ask for tom holian on 01494787478 . if you have a need to make a currency transfer in the near future then feel free to speak with me directly as i will be more than happy to help you both with trying to time a transaction and getting you the top market rate when you do come to buy your currency compared to your bank or another currency broker . even a small improvement in the exchange rates can make a big difference so feel free to to email me and you may find you could save yourself hundreds if not thousands of pounds . you can email me ( tom holian ) on teh currencies . co . uk and i will respond to you as soon as i can . source : < URL >
meghan markle s three secrets for a successful career headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next the odds are that you ve heard about one of the most talked about women of 2017 meghan markle . some of you know her as the lucky fianc e of prince harry , some may know her as rachael zane from suits , but did you know that she is the united nations women ambassador and has a degree in international studies from northwestern university markle shares her advice for success in the book the game changers , which features inspiring stories from forty fabulous women . here are her secrets . secret 1 : thinK Long - term the world holds a lot of opportunities for us . sometimes we tear ourselves to bits , jumping from one thing to another . in order not to lose yourself in the process , think ahead . is this something that you would want to be doing in a year in two years in five years don t spend five minutes on something , if you understand that it s not worth spending five years on . think about your hobbies and what you love doing . perhaps you can earn money from your favorite pastime secret 2 : don t be too harsh on yourseLF it s ok not to be perfect . you shouldn t be pushing yourself to the limit if you know that it is hurting you . be kind to yourself and value your time , emotional and physical health . there is already a lot of standards women have to live up to , so don t pressure yourself and give yourself some time to relax and be you . whether you re overwhelmed with work , tasks from school or have a busy social calendar you can find some tools or programs to help you out with that . - peace of mind : headspace , calm - help with studying : goconqr , bookwormlab - planning : appmyday , busyconf - emotional health : silver cloud , nhs secret 3 : be patient important work takes time . set goals , make plans , do your job . but don t rush , good things come to those who wait . it s great that you have plans to conquer the world , but don t get frustrated if it doesn t happen overnight . of course , it doesn t mean that you should just sit and wait for some miracle to happen . and as james clear added to the famous saying by john heywood that although rome wasn t in a day , they were laying bricks every hour . being a successful , ambitious and independent woman in our days shouldn t be daunting and tiresome . enjoy life and follow these simple rules to achieve your life goals .
sherwin - williams shares edge higher premarket after fourth quarter numbers miss expectations of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next sherwin - williams co ( nYse : shw ) saw its shares rebound in premarket trade after a slight drop earlier , following the release of fourth quarter results that fell short of market expectations . in a statement , the paints company said that in the quarter , net income came in at Us 867 . 4 mln or Us 9 . 39 per share , sharply higher from the Us 203 . 0 mln or Us 2 . 15 a year ago . deferred income tax liability reductions saw the company recording a one - time benefit of Us 7 . 04 per share , sherwin - williams said . adjusted eps was Uss 2 . 95 , which was off market expectations for Us 3 . 15 . in the quarter , sales came in at Us 3 . 98 bn , up from Us 2 . 78 bn , and slightly above market expectations for Us 3 . 93 bn . sherwin - williams , which bought valspar corp . in 2017 , said first - quarter sales are expected to rise by mid - to - high single digits percentage year - over - year . full - year sales are expected to grow in the mid - to - high single digit percentage range with eps of Us 15 . 35 to Us 15 . 85 , against market expectations for Us 18 . 36 . in premarket , its shares edged higher at Us 429 . 38 , up 0 . 04 . story by proactiveinvestors source : < URL >
sienna resources kicks off ground survey at exciting sl ttberg cobalt - nickel - copper project of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next sienna resources inc ( cVe : sie ) told investors it had kicked off a high resolution ground magnetic survey at the sl ttberg cobalt - nickel - copper project in sweden . slattberg is a historic mining camp hosting cobalt - nickel - copper - rich massive sulphide mineralization that occurs within a 2 km belt of historic nickel - copper mines and sienna last month struck an exploration and option agreement with eMX royalty corp for the site . field teams have been deployed and around 50 - 100 survey lines of 500 meters length are planned at 25 meter spacing . the survey will cover the central portion of the trend of historic mine workings where the initial drill program will be focused . we are pleased to have started up operations on the sl ttberg cobalt - nickel - copper , said jason gigliotti , the president of sienna resources . we have recently closed an oversubscribed placement of 2 . 5 million and we plan to deploy this cash strategically and immediately . we plan to be very active on this project and expect to be drilling in the coming weeks . the global demand on battery metals such as cobalt continues to strengthen and we are very optimistic about our 2018 work programs . sweden is at the forefront of a boom in the mining industry , the company said last month , and boasts a low corporate income tax rate , a proactive geological survey , and broad public support for export - led mining . gigliotti had said : we are very pleased to receive approval for this exciting cobalt - nickel - copper prospect . cobalt prices have just crossed fresh ten year highs , and we look forward to advancing this prospect . there are 12 historic mines on this property and with modern mining approaches , we are very optimistic about what this project could contain . gigliotti also noted that northvolt was planning to be the largest battery factory in europe at around the same size as tesla s ( nasDaQ : tsLa ) gigafactory and wanted to source locally as much as possible . there are now more than 20 megabattery factories currently being planned or constructed globally , creating a massive demand on the battery metals such as lithium , cobalt and nickel , he noted . sl ttberg contains drill defined massive sulfide mineralization that extends to around 100 meters in depth , and remains open for expansion at depth and along strike . the site is accessible year round , with nearby rail , power and 5 smelters in the nordic region . story by proactiveinvestors source : < URL >
aka holding the country to ransom of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next from the bbc : the head of theresa may s new anti - extremism commission set up after the manchester arena attack has faced criticism from some muslim leaders . sara khan , who has campaigned for women s rights in muslim communities , has been given the task of rooting out extremism in the Uk but her support for the home office s prevent strategy has led to claims she is too close to the government . lady warsi , the first muslim woman to serve as a british cabinet minister , said many british muslims saw ms khan as a mouthpiece of ministers . the conservative peer questioned ms khan s likely independence as the commissioner for countering extremism in a series of tweets and warned of destructive and dangerous games being played harun khan , secretary general of the muslim council of britain , said : the fight against terrorism requires equal partnership between all parties , including muslim communities . this appointment risks sending a clear and alarming message that the government has no intention of doing so . they might as well accuse mI5 or so15 of being government stooges and demand that muslim communities ( whatever they are ) be given a veto right over their operations . source : < URL >
it ' s the centerpiece headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next whenever one adopts some kind of theme for a theology from the life of jesus , one feels that it s necessary to defend this theme no matter what needs to be said to defend it . i feel this way about the prosperity gospel of today . but at the same time , with the emphasis on murder and suicide as being unforgivable , the question is begged as to whether i can defend this theme . well , in this regard , i only need to say i will do my best , but keep in mind this theme doesn t begin with me . i inherited this theme from angels . and really , maybe i should be spending my time on defending my conversation with my angels , however , i don t really care to defend anything i claim my angels told me , nor do i feel it necessary to defend the experience i had with my angels . in fact , i would say that from the beginning , i didn t really grasp all my angels said to me that night . in fact , it took me a long time to really understand the message . i had to live with the idea and apply this idea to every facet of life and living . i think the best example of this was the iraqi war . i was against it from the very beginning , because i didn t really believe that iraq had nuclear weapons , but not only this , i was convinced that no one his right mind would use them . but more importantly , once we got into iraq , i didn t really see a way out . and i was as right then as i am now . however , i watched the operation shock and awe on my tV screen and for the first time , i wondered if god had to have some kind of dispensation for war . not that i hadn t wondered about it before , but i knew people were being killed right before my eyes . if murder was defined as being against the law , then really , who justifies war except for the country that declares war . and i wondered whether this country had the right to declare war on iraq . i came to the conclusion then that god couldn t allow for the taking of human life no matter the reason . then i had to think through the issue of abortion . i wondered who was responsible for an aborted fetus . and not only that , but should a woman carry full - term a baby she doesn t want and was violated into having i had to struggle with this question . can a woman be responsible before god for having been raped i came to the conclusion that somehow , god has to punish rapists . rape is one of those sins i just couldn t accept as a sin that is punished by a woman having a baby she doesn t want . why should a woman carry a rapists baby full - term , i wondered . so , i put the onus on the rapist . if a man rapes a woman , and she has an abortion , the rapist in my thinking , is a murderer . plain and simple . but what about all other abortions does god punish doctors for performing abortions i wondered about this . doctors have their own problems when it comes to playing god with human life . i then decided that all human life begins the instant the sperm enters an egg . at that moment , human life is conceived . and a woman then , has to be responsible unless she has been raped . then i decided that murder can only be defined by a woman making a decision to have an abortion and then going through with it . a lot more goes into it than just making a decision . there might be others involved in making that decision with her . and what about forgiving women who have had abortions i struggled with all this . i did some research and found out that about a third of all women have had abortions . i can t just write off one - third of half of humanity . but the pope now says that women who have had abortions really should be forgiven by the church . so , i struggled with all these issues and discovered that murder really can t be defined by law . it s the intentional taking of anY human life for anY reason ; and that when a person dies , there has to be a reason , unless it s a natural death , which means in this case , god is always the reason . god can do what he wishes with human life , because he is the creator of all life . well , it took years for me to understand what my angels said to me that night . i had to define murder as i think god would see it . once i felt i had all the answers i needed , i decided to go public with my angels . as my therapist / friend has said to me about my definition of murder , it s the most consistent definition he has ever heard . i told him at that point , that i can judge no one , except only in terms of what i think . i said that i am not god . and quite frankly , the fact is , i wouldn t want the job . peace . i am brother ralphie writing for my angels from the angels of life institute . brother ralphie works from his study for the promotion of peaceful living and inner peace with god . he calls this the sanctity of human life movement . source : < URL >
prophecy news hour , christian persecution world watch 2018 , north korea , china , egypt , and more warn radio christian ministry of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next wibr / warn radio and internet ministry is an prophetic end time , teaching , preaching , and warning agency . our shows are heard via satellite , warn radio network , and world wide via the internet . www . warn - usa . com www . warn - radio . com www . ddayforamerica . com www . wingswatchman . org watchman prophecy news hour , christian persecution world watch 2018 , north korea , china , egypt , and more prophecy news is a journey for those who look into the whirlwind of these last days , wibr / warn ministry warning a generation , heralding the second coming of yeshua check out the watchman s new book , now on all ingram distribution channels and amazon [ ] warn radio christian ministry warn radio christian ministry christian endtime radio source : < URL >
continuing my open correspondence with trump of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next ( don boudreaux ) tweet 25 january 2018 mr . donald trump 1600 pennsylvania ave . , nw washington , dc 20500 mr . trump : abc news reported this morning that while in davos you will encourage other countries to invest in the united states . i m pleasantly surprised foreign investment in the united states is indeed splendid for us americans . but such investment also increases america s trade deficit a phenomenon that you ve famously pledged to reduce . have you changed your mind about the trade deficit will we hear no more of the economically ignorant squawking about the alleged horrors of the trade deficit that , until now , issued routinely from you and your administration or pardon my asking do you simply not understand that every cent that foreigners invest in america is a cent that foreigners don t spend on american exports and , hence , is a cent that raises america s trade deficit sincerely , donald j . boudreaux professor of economics and martha and nelson getchell chair for the study of free market capitalism at the mercatus center george mason university fairfax , Va 22030 source : < URL >
while many of us may enjoy a bit of sushi here and there , this man took it to another level . sadly , this man ate sushi and sashimi every single day until a massive parasite slithered out of his body .
a winter storm hitting the east coast could easily shatter all - time records in regards to cold temperatures . by the end of the week , we could all be freezing , to say the least . this storm seems to thr
planned parenthood now operates less than 600 abortion clinics in the u . s . after 32 clinics closed in 2017 , according to a report published thursday . planned parenthood operates 597 facilities in the country as of dec . 1 , compared to 700 facilities it operated in 1973 , according to lifenews . the abortion giant opened five new clinics in 2017 , however , it closed 32 . the organization ran 938 clinics in 1995 when planned parenthood was at its peak operational level , according to an american life leagues ( all ) report about planned parenthood released thursday . planned parenthood has closed 36 percent of their clinics since 1995 . planned parenthood has 356 facilities that commit surgical or medical abortions , 166 facilities that do surgical abortions , and 190 facilities that do medical abortions but not surgical . all 597 planned parenthood facilities , however , distribute abortion inducing drugs . annual reports from 2006 through 2015 show that planned parenthood closed 24 . 9 percent of its facilities and saw its customer base drop by 23 . 6 percent during that 10 - year stretch . north dakota and wyoming also have zero planned parenthood medical facilities . ten states account for 60 percent of all planned parenthood facilities in america : california , new york , washington , texas , ohio , pennsylvania , new jersey , florida , wisconsin , and michigan . planned parenthood operates 48 . 8 percent of all surgical and medical abortion facilities in the united states , according to all s report . follow grace on twitter . the daily caller news foundation is working hard to balance out the biased american media . for as little as 3 , you can help us . freedom of speech isn t free . make a one - time donation to support the quality , independent journalism of the daily caller news foundation . we re not dependent on commercial or political support and we do not accept any government funding . content created by the daily caller news foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . for licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact [ email protected ] .
senate minority whip dick durbin , d - ill . , confirmed on friday that president trump called africa nations shitholes , and said the president s comments were hate - filled , vile and racist . durbin attended a bipartisan meeting with trump at the white house on thursday , where senators gathered with the president to discuss a deal on the deferred action for childhood arrivals program . in the course of his comments , he said things which were hate - filled , vile and racist , durbin told reporters friday . i understand how powerful [ those words ] are , but i cannot believe in the history of the white house , in that oval office , any president has ever spoken the words that i personally heard our president speak yesterday . BreaKing : democrat sen . durbin , who was in meeting with pres . trump : " he said these hate - filled things . " < URL > pic . twitter . com / s9fmhtcgur msnBc ( msnBc ) january 12 , 2018 the washington post and other outlets reported thursday that during the discussion on a daca deal , trump questioned why the u . s . is having all these people from shithole countries come here at the time , the president was criticizing a plan from the gang of six senators to reinstate the temporary protected status programs for el salvador , haiti , and some african nations . durbin told reporters friday that , of the press reports that have included the president s comments , i have not read one of them that s inaccurate . he then reiterated the conversation the senators had with trump . while discussing the tps programs , durbin said he told trump those primarily impacted by tps were from el salvador , honduras , and haiti . when i mentioned that fact to him , he said , haitians do we need more haitians durbin recalled . and then he went on and he started to describe the immigration from africa that was being protected in this bipartisan measure . that s when he used the vile and vulgar comments , calling the nations they come from ' shitholes . ' the exact word used by the president , not just once , but repeatedly . trump s reported comments set off a storm of criticism among democratic and republican lawmakers , who are calling on the president to apologize . in tweets friday morning , trump denied making derogatory remarks about haiti , and accused democrats of fabricating his comments . never said anything derogatory about haitians other than haiti is , obviously , a very poor and troubled country . never said take them out . made up by dems . i have a wonderful relationship with haitians . probably should record future meetings - unfortunately , no trust trump tweeted .
a few conservative critics predicted early on that the recent obsession with fake news would lead eventually to right - of - center newsrooms being lumped with the bad actors . it looks increasingly likely that those critics were onto something . harvard university ' s library website currently features a page titled , " fake news , misinformation , and propaganda . " the page url even has the word " fake " in it . this portion of the library ' s website , which can be found in the " research guides " section , is intended to give students , " a brief introduction to the spread of misinformation of all kinds and tools for identifying it , and reading the news with a more informed eye , " according to the site . the " fake news " page includes the aptly titled subsection : " false , misleading , clickbait - y , and satirical ' news ' sources ( huge list of fake news sites ) . " that subsection links to a massive online database , which lists nearly every legitimate conservative - leaning news groups alongside actual hoax websites . the washington free beacon , independent journal review , the daily caller and the washington examiner are all on the list . each is tagged with identifying labels , including " clickbait , " " bias , " " political " and " unreliable " or a combination of the the four . the list also includes conservative commentary sites like theblaze , redstate and the weekly standard . fox news is not included on the database . legacy media organizations , including the washington post and the new york times , are also excluded from the list , despite that they ' ve bungled several recent trump - related " scoops . " the online database linked by harvard ' s library features a handful of well - known left - leaning news sites , including raw story and think progress . however , several notable left - of - center newsrooms , including mother jones , vox . com , media matters and the huffington post are conspicuously absent . several well - known liberal commentary sites , including salon , slate and the new republic , are likewise missing from the list . the database of " fake , false , or regularly misleading websites , " is not a harvard creation . it was compiled last year by merrimack college assistant professor melissa zimdars , who maintains it is being misrepresented by the press and others . " [ i ] t ' s not a fake news database , " she told the examiner , adding that the project was intended originally for just her students . zimdars defended the database , saying , " there are quite a few left - of - center and far - left websites including in my resources , and i ' m not sure why they are continually and purposefully disregarded to make points about my ' bias ' ( maybe you ' re just unfamiliar with the websites , which may point to some of your own biases ) . " she said she has done her best to include websites from both the left and right side of the aisle , because she is concerned most about " informational integrity . " " that being said , " she explained , " there are more conservative or right of center websites included in my resource partially because there are more of them ( and partially because , perhaps , more of them have been submitted to me for analysis ) . " " they ' ve done a better job of constructing an alternative and robust mediasphere , " zimdars added . along with clearly fake websites , her project , which was taken offline temporarily but is available now for viewing , features sites she claims , " may circulate misleading and / or potentially unreliable information " or " sometimes use clickbait - y headlines and social media descriptions . " the washington free beacon , which is listed under " bias , " has won kudos from even left - of - center critics for its dogged reporting . three years ago , for example , the free beacon obtained and published a list of donor pledges to the progressive group democracy alliance . after that , it unearthed and published rare audio of hillary clinton discussing how she defended an accused child rapist as his court - appointed attorney . independent journal review , which is labeled both " bias " and " unreliable , " most recently scooped everyone with a report confirming that trump ' s supreme court justice nominee would be judge neil gorsuch . the daily caller , which scored a hat - trick by being labeled " political , " " clickbait " and " unreliable , " is responsible for uncovering the bombshell story that michael flynn , president trump ' s former national security adviser , was paid more than 500 , 000 to represent turkey ' s government even as he campaigned with the then - gop nominee . the washington examiner , which earned the titles " political " and " unreliable , " has been at the forefront of uncovering the secret service ' s many scandals , ethical lapses and professional missteps . zimdars defended her system of classification , telling the examiner , " not every website is labeled as fake news . the tags political , unreliable , and even clickbait actually describe generally credible and verifiable content that supports a particular political perspective ( tag : political ) , but that sometimes uses sensational / emotionally charged headlines or language ( tag : clickbait ) and should be read in conjunction with other sources ( tag : unreliable ) . " it ' s worth noting there ' s a difference between " fake news " and biased or sloppy journalism . there ' s a difference between a " report " claiming pope francis endorsed donald trump , which has no basis in reality , and journalists botching the details of a breaking news event or injecting political bias into their stories . one problem with her database is that it groups 100 percent false stories , which are knowingly fabricated from thin air , with coverage she deems either too political , too clickbait - y or generally unreliable . there ' s an obvious difference , however , between what the daily caller does and what a group of fake news teens in macedonia do . perhaps separate lists would help . zimdars concurred there is a big difference between a news group flubbing a story and websites " consistently ( or purposefully ) [ publishing ] misleading information . " " i agree that the resource should be expanded to include even more sources to demonstrate the continuum of information to misinformation and disinformation , from credible sources of information to propaganda and fake news , " she concluded . " hopefully , i will be able to do that soon . " she stressed above all else that the database is not a list of " fake news . " someone should tell that to harvard . her project first went viral last year after hillary clinton ' s stunning and historic loss to trump . it ' s making a resurgence now following reports that harvard is leaning on it as a resource . as it turns out , harvard isn ' t even the first school to do this . city university of new york and radford university have already instructed their students that the database should be used as a tool for identifying false information online . a spokesperson for the harvard library did not respond to the examiner ' s request for comment .
a federal court has issued a decision to dismiss a lawsuit brought by the naacp and the aclu against an arizona bill that prohibits gender - and race - based abortions . alliance defending freedom senior counsel casey mattox responded to the decision in an email to lifenews : every innocent life deserves to be protected , and that s especially true of babies being targeted for death simply because of their sex or race . there is nothing medically necessary or constitutionally protected about an abortion that is committed on the basis of sex or race , and the naacp should be opposed to such a practice more than anyone . the court has done the right thing in dismissing this meritless lawsuit . alliance defending freedom represents the bill s sponsor , rep . steve montenegro , and the frederick douglass foundation . also moving to intervene is maricopa county attorney william montgomery , who is empowered to enforce the arizona law . represented by the american civil liberties union , the naacp s maricopa county branch is suing together with the national asian pacific american women s forum . together the groups claim that the arizona law is unconstitutional and stigmatizes minorities for their decision to have an abortion . it is a tragic injustice to discriminate against unborn babies because of their race or gender , said montenegro , primary sponsor of hb 2443 . the public must not be misled by misinformation aimed solely at dismantling a law that gives every child the equality he or she deserves . the frederick douglass foundation is a non - profit multiethnic educational and public policy organization that advocated for the bill and seeks to empower black communities . according to the alliance defending freedom motion filed in naacp v . horne , as an organization dedicated to advancing the real long - term interests of african - americans and african - american communities , the frederick douglass foundation has a strong interest in this law which seeks to stop race discrimination and race targeting in abortion . preserving the life of all babies , regardless of their gender or race , should be everyone s priority , added senior counsel steven h . aden . we trust the court will not allow this needless attack on arizona s law to succeed . clicK liKe if YOu re prO - life abortion alone has taken the lives of over 16 million black children . for every 100 live births in the african american community , another 77 are aborted . african - american teenage abortion rates are more than twice as high as the national average , according to a new study . the african - american abortion rate , according to the study conducted by the guttmacher institute , is 41 per 1 , 000 women among the 15 - 19 year old age group . the national average abortion rate is 18 per 1 , 000 women among 15 - 19 - year - olds .
the naacp has lost its legal battle to silence a black pro - life writer who parodied its pro - abortion stance by referring to the naacp as the national association for the abortion of colored people . after lifenews . com blogger ryan bomberger published his article at lifenews , the naacp threatened to sue lifenews . com and bomberger over the column that took the civil rights organization to task over its abortion position . the naacp is upset about a column bomberger wrote at lifenews titled , naacp : national association for the abortion of colored people and a legal battle between it and bomberger ensued . last year , a judge issued a ruling in the naacp lawsuit against bomberger . the judge indicated that bomberger had no first amendment right to lampoon the naacp by calling it the national association for the abortion of colored people in an effort to mock its pro - abortion position and opposition to pro - life legislation . today , the federal 4 th circuit court of appeals has overturned that decision and ruled in favor of full free speech rights for bomberger , his group the radiance foundation , and lifenews . com . judge harvey wilkinson wrote the opinion on behalf of the three - judge panel that unanimously ruled against the naacp . the ruling upheld bomberger s and lifenews expressive right to comment on social issues under the first amendment . we vacate the injunction against radiance entered by the district court and remand with instructions that defendant s counterclaims likewise be dismissed , the court ruled , adding that it rejected the naacp s attempt to obstruct the conveyance of ideas , criticism , comparison , and social commentary . political discourse is the grist of the mill in the marketplace of ideas . as far as calling the naacp the national association for the abortion of colored people the appeals court even went as far as saying bomber s piece at lifenews wasn an inventive and effective parody . biting , surely ; distortive , certainly ; radiance s ploy was nonetheless effective at conveying sharply what it was that radiance wished to say , it said . the use of the satirical modification of the true naacp name was designed , as many titles are , to be eye - catching and provocative in a manner that induces the reader to continue on . click here to sign up for daily pro - life news alerts from lifenews . com before the decision , bomberger said he was surprised the venerable civil rights group would sue him , a black pro - life person . this lawsuit should be shocking to any american who values truth and the first amendment , explains bomberger . the irony is painful . the naacp is suing me a black man for exercising my constitutionally - guaranteed right to free speech . rush limbaugh has parodied the naacp s name since clarence thomas s supreme court confirmation , bomberger points out . but the naacp hasn t sued a wealthy broadcaster , with an audience of millions , for parodying them every time he refers to them . i m honored they feel threatened by a small , life - affirming organization s illuminating words . the aclu has officially sided with the radiance foundation stating : the right to parody prominent organizations like the naacp is an essential element of the freedom of speech . the electronic frontier foundation , which joined the aclu in the amicus brief , expressed deep concerns because a decision holding [ the radiance foundation ] liable for trademark infringement threatens a huge range of expression judge jackson s decision misreads both trademark law and the first amendment . bomberger says the real problem is not his free speech but the naacp s abortion advocacy . abortion doesn t advance people of color , he said . the naacp is on the wrong side of this human rights issue , and they are wrong to try to silence our free speech , too . following the piece , the naacp sent bomberger , the director of the radiance foundation , and lifenews a threatening letter claiming infringement on its name and logo for including it in the opinion column . the letter accuses bomberger and his group , the radiance foundation , of trademark infringement over an ad campaign that exposes the naacp s pro - abortion position . stating that while you are certainly entitled to express your viewpoint , you cannot do so in connection with a name that infringes on the naacp s rights , the letter demands a response within a self - imposed time period . in response to the letter , bomberger asked a federal court to declare that the first amendment protects his and the radiance foundation s exercise of free speech and that his speech does not infringe on any of the naacp s trademarks or other rights . the lawsuit does not seek any damages . in its countersuit , the naacp s counterclaim denies that the naacp is pro - - abortion or has even taken a position on the issue . despite the fact the lifenews article in question simply parodied the naacp s name , criticized the organization s documented pro - abortion actions , and used the naacp s unaltered logo to identify the civil rights group the judge refused to dismiss the case as a first amendment issue . although the naacp took offense at the article , bomberger has frequently spoken out about the naacp s pro - abortion stance and its ignoring how abortion disproportionately targets black unborn children . the naacp recently came under fire for opposing a bill to ban abortions based on race . the damage done is the loss of over 15 million black lives to abortion , bomberger , an adoptee and adoptive father . , told lifenews previously before the ruling . how can the naacp possibly claim neutrality over the abortion issue if they re financially profiting from annual sponsorship from the nation s largest abortion chain despite the naacp suit , bomberger says the radiance foundation s www . toomanyaborted . com abortion awareness campaign will continue to expose failed leadership in the black community on the issue of abortion . abortion alone has taken the lives of over 16 million black children . for every 100 live births in the african american community , another 77 are aborted . african - american teenage abortion rates are more than twice as high as the national average , according to a new study . the african - american abortion rate , according to the study conducted by the guttmacher institute , is 41 per 1 , 000 women among the 15 - 19 year old age group . the national average abortion rate is 18 per 1 , 000 women among 15 - 19 - year - olds . alliance defending freedom allied attorney charles m . allen with the glen allen , va . firm goodman , allen filetti pllc is defending bomberger and radiance in u . s . district court in the radiance foundation v . national association for the advancement of colored people for the eastern district of virginia , norfolk division .
why are black women over 3 times more likely to obtain an abortion than white women even though african americans are only 12 . 6 of the population , they received 30 of the 1 . 2 million abortions in 2008 ( latest available statistics ) , killing 360 , 000 black babies at a rate of nearly 1 , 000 per day . more than 16 million african american unborn babies have died from legalized abortion , which suggests that the current black population of 39 million would have been more than a third larger without abortion . this scourge is the leading cause of death for african americans , more than all other causes combined , including aids , violent crimes , accidents , cancer and heart disease . african americans have been disproportionately hurt by abortion because they have been targeted from the beginning . this is truly a case of black genocide , and planned parenthood is one of the major players in this tragedy . life issues institute s recent analysis of 2010 census bureau data shows that planned parenthood continues to strategically place the majority of their surgical abortion facilities in locations that target black americans for abortion . this analysis shows that 62 of planned parenthood abortion facilities are within walking distance ( 2 miles ) of relatively high african american populations . in 2005 , life issues institute was the first to use census 2000 data to document planned parenthood s placement near minority neighborhoods ; this updated research uses the newest census data to thoroughly examine the neighborhoods around their abortion facilities . in this study , the percentage of african americans was calculated for every census tract within walking distance of the 165 planned parenthood surgical abortion facilities operating in 2010 . census tracts are subdivisions designed to delineate areas whose populations are fairly homogeneous in certain ways , such as income level or housing stock . although the total populations of census tracts usually vary from 2 , 000 to 6 , 000 people , some have as many as 14 , 000 inhabitants . some are large in area and others are very small . but overall , census tracts resemble neighborhoods because of their homogeneous nature and thus they can effectively identify minority neighborhoods . as an example , figure 1 illustrates the location of a planned parenthood abortion facility on the census tract map of cincinnati , ohio . the 2 mile radius around the abortion facility ( labeled pp ) is indicated by a large circle and each census tract is marked with the percentage of african americans who live there . this approach was used to analyze the black populations surrounding each of 165 planned parenthood surgical abortion facilities . our analysis shows that 102 out of 165 , or 62 of the planned parenthood abortion facilities are located in areas with relatively high african american populations , or in targeted neighborhoods . an abortion facility is considered to be in a targeted neighborhood if at least one census tract within walking distance has an african american population that is at least 50 , or 1 . 5 times the percentage of the surrounding county . the majority of targeted neighborhoods are composed of several census tracts with relatively high african american populations . in figure 1 , the targeted neighborhood of african americans is represented by the blue census tracts , each of which have an african american population which is at least 1 . 5 times higher than the hamilton county average of 25 . 7 . when the 4 census tracts with the highest black percentages in all of the 102 targeted neighborhoods were taken together , their average black population was 44 . 8 , nearly 3 times higher than the 15 . 6 average black population of the 102 counties where they were located , and 3 . 5 times higher than the national black population of 12 . 6 . these census results reveal the extent of planned parenthood s purposeful presence near african american neighborhoods . but it doesn t stop there . hispanic women also appear to be a target , as they are nearly twice as likely to obtain an abortion as white women . an identical examination of the census 2010 data for hispanic or latino populations shows 105 out of 165 or 64 of the planned parenthood abortion facilities were located within walking distance of relatively high hispanic populations . using the same method as above , the 105 hispanic targeted neighborhoods show a top 4 census tract average that is 45 . 0 hispanic , which is more than double the 20 . 8 hispanic average of the 105 counties and 2 . 7 times higher than the national hispanic population of 16 . 3 . when looking at both minorities in combination , the data reveal that 79 of planned parenthood abortion facilities are located near either an african american or a hispanic neighborhood and 45 are placed so that they are within walking distance of both types of minority neighborhoods . as an example , figure 2 shows the census tracts surrounding a planned parenthood abortion mega - facility that opened as recently as 2010 in houston , texas . the census tracts in blue show the african american targeted neighborhood and indicate african american percentages ; the census tracts in red show the hispanic targeted neighborhood and indicate hispanic percentages . this provides evidence that planned parenthood continues to choose locations that target minority communities . one other important demographic appears to be college - aged women ( 20 - 24 years ) , who receive 32 of all abortions . the data show that 124 out of 165 or 75 of planned parenthood abortion facilities are located within walking distance of at least one college campus . in fact , a common pattern for planned parenthood is a location that splits the difference between an african american neighborhood , a hispanic neighborhood , and a college campus ; 33 of their abortion facilities have a location that is clearly situated to be within walking distance of all three demographics . their proximity to these targets is clearly intentional , because 88 of their abortion facilities are located near at least one of these demographics . interestingly , in the cities that have targeted neighborhoods , planned parenthood tends to place their facilities in census tracts that have relatively low minority populations , even though they are adjacent to census tracts with relatively high minority populations . the planned parenthood abortion facility census tracts have an average african american percentage of only 22 . 2 and a hispanic average percentage of 27 . 1 , significantly lower than the averages of the targeted neighborhoods top 4 census tracts , 44 . 8 and 45 . 0 , respectively . this makes perfect sense . although there is no doubt that planned parenthood considers many factors when choosing the placement of an abortion facility , it would seem reasonable that visibility , bus lines and a location that provides an impression of medical respectability would be of primary concern , thus suggesting a less residential area . it is also likely that planned parenthood prefers to be in the daily traveling vicinity of a minority neighborhood , but not in the middle of one . this allows for a familiar but professional distance . as a type of community center , they can provide birth control to the surrounding neighborhoods and build relationships with the women . then , when the birth control fails , as it has for 54 of women who have abortions , planned parenthood is perfectly positioned to provide abortions to these women in crisis , solving their problem for a nice profit . however , this professional distance may be intentional for another reason . it provides cover for planned parenthood against the accusation that they locate in minority neighborhoods . this is a charge that they attempt to refute in a guttmacher institute study claiming that abortion facilities do not target minority neighborhoods . this 2011 analysis looked at all known abortion providers , including planned parenthood , but only those that perform at least 400 abortions annually . the census 2010 data shows that 48 out of 165 , or 29 of the planned parenthood abortion facilities are within walking distance of a census tract that is at least 50 african american . in contrast , guttmacher s analysis showed that only 9 of abortion facilities were located in neighborhoods where one - half or more of the residents were black . guttmacher also claims that only 12 were located in neighborhoods where one - half or more of the residents were hispanic . instead , the census 2010 data shows that 55 out of 165 , or 33 are within walking distance of a census tract that is at least 50 hispanic . the census tract data provide an accurate portrayal of the populations around planned parenthood abortion however , the key concept missing in the guttmacher approach is that these minorities do not need to be 50 of the population in order to signify a relatively high population presence . with national percentages of only 12 . 6 and 16 . 3 , respectively , african american and hispanic neighborhoods can represent less than half of a census tract population and still be concentrated enough to capture the interest of planned parenthood . for example , in the seattle , washington targeted neighborhood , the highest african american census tract percentage is 33 , more than 5 times higher than the county level of 6 . the state african american population is only 3 . 6 and the city is 7 . 9 . the average percentage of the targeted neighborhood s top 4 census tracts is 29 , 4 . 7 times higher than the county level and 3 . 7 times higher than the city level . even though these african american percentages are lower than 50 , planned parenthood has clearly chosen a location closest to the highest concentrations of african americans in the area . the census data verify the fact that planned parenthood places the majority of their abortion facilities within walking distance of relatively high minority populations , but does this prove that they are targeting minorities in general and african americans in particular founder margaret sanger s ties to the eugenics movement characterize planned parenthood s origin and purpose . in short , margaret sanger believed , as did the eugenics society of america with which she associated , that there was no room in society for the feeble - minded . this was a code word for blacks , the poor , and others that they considered unfit and incapable of providing for themselves . she clearly believed that these people should not reproduce and advocated sterilization for the undesirables . eugenic population control was her goal , and targeted birth control was her method for achieving it . in 1939 , she began the negro project , which was intended to stop the growth of the black community and which enrolled black pastors to sell the program to their congregations . in a letter to clarence gamble , she wrote , we do not want word to go out that we want to exterminate the negro population , and the minister is the man who can straighten out that idea if it ever occurs to any of their more rebellious members . click like if you re pro - life after hitler s eugenics - based holocaust roiled the world , eugenicists changed their terminology to population control , but the intent was the same . when abortion became legal , the eugenicists had finally found an effective and legal way to advance their agenda , and planned parenthood placed its facilities in black neighborhoods to continue to control and reduce the black population . this strategy produced the intended results : black women began aborting their babies at a rate 3 times higher than white women . today , although planned parenthood tries to ignore its eugenics roots , and denies positioning its facilities near african american neighborhoods , these census tract results show that they continue to do so with impunity . the census results also indicate that planned parenthood s strategy is to be the convenient abortion locale for anyone at risk , aggressively targeting all of the demographics most likely to bring in abortion income . in fiscal year 2009 - 2010 , they earned an estimated 154 , 000 , 000 from the 329 , 445 abortions they performed , an estimated 40 of which were minority babies . in the same year , planned parenthood also received 478 , 400 , 000 , ( 46 of their annual budget ) in taxpayer funding . while they claim that no tax money is used for abortions , this government largesse frees up other funds for paying abortionists , keeping the lights on in abortion facilities and building new megaabortion facilities in minority neighborhoods . most tragic and offensive is the fact that the tax money of african american citizens is being used to target the destruction of their own unborn children . if all african americans knew about this purposeful elimination of their offspring , they would mobilize their neighborhoods against it . then , the long nightmare of black genocide might one day come to an end . 1 . centers for disease control and prevention , abortion surveillance - united states , 2008 , table 13 ; accessed at : < URL > 2 . guttmacher institute , facts on induced abortion in the united states , august 2011 ; accessed at : < URL > 3 . human life alliance , did you know facts stats , p . 9 ; accessedat : < URL > 4 . ibid , p . 12 5 . u . s . census 2010 , interactive population map ; accessed at : < URL > 6 . this does not include the 150 planned parenthood facilities that donot do surgical abortions but do dispense the ru - 486 abortion drug . 7 . information collected and provided by stopp , 2010 . 8 . census tracts with african american percentages less than 12 . 6 ( the national average ) were not considered targeted communities . 9 . census tracts with hispanic or latino percentages less than 16 . 3 ( the national average ) were not considered targeted communities . 10 . guttmacher institute , facts on induced abortion in the unitedstates , august 2011 ; accessed at : < URL > 11 . guttmacher institute , claim that most abortion clinics are locatedin black neighborhoods is false , guttmacher advisory , january 2011 12 . elasah drogin , margaret sanger , father of modern society , ( culpublications ) 1989 ; pp . 11 - 22 . 13 . franks , angela , margaret sanger s eugenic legacy , the control offemale fertility , mcfarland and company , inc . , 2005 ; pp . 43 . 14 . life dynamics incorporated , maafa 21 , black genocide in 21 stcentury america , 2010 . 15 . ertelt , steven , planned parenthood report : 1 b group gets 46 from tax money , lifenews . com , december 30 , 2011 . accessed at : < URL > 16 . planned parenthood annual report 2009 - 2010 , p . 9 ; accessed at : < URL > mode = window viewmode = doublepage 17 . planned parenthood annual report 2009 - 2010 , p . 9 ; accessed at : < URL > mode = window viewmode = doublepage lifenews note : this column originally appeared in the october 2012 issue of life issues connector , a publication of life issues institute .
abortion alone has taken the lives of over 16 million black children . for every 100 live births in the african american community , another 77 are aborted . in new york , the situation for the black community is dire as more babies are aborted than born . african american babies are aborted at up to six times the rate of the majority population . a new study from the guttmacher institute , a pro - abortion organization named after and formerly affiliated with the planned parenthood abortion business , puts those stark numbers into better focus . as the daily caller reports :
government officials , pilots of seven countries claim alien technology is real and they ' ve seen it . what is the extraterrestial agenda cnn report . . .
ruthless people / full movie - comedy , crime ( 1986 ) rnsam stone ( danny devito ) hates his wife , barbara ( bette midler ) , so much that he wants her dead . ruthless people / full movie - comedy , crime ( 1986 ) rnsam stone ( danny devito ) hates his wife , barbara ( bette midler ) , so much that he wants her dead . he ' s ecstatic when she ' s taken by a duo of kidnappers who want 500 , 000 ransom in exchange for her life . fully intending to ignore every one of the kidnappers '
california s democrat - controlled legislature is moving forward with putting a constitutional amendment on the june ballot to double the corporate tax rate . assemblymen kevin mccarty [ d - sacramento ] and phil ting [ d - san francisco ] announced on jan . 18 that they will sponsor a constitutional amendment to add a 7 percent corporate tax surcharge for any profit over 1 million . although the tax foundation listed iowa with the highest corporate tax rate at 12 percent and california only the 7 th ranked at 8 . 84 percent , many companies use deductions to cut california s effective tax rate to the alternative tax minimum of 6 . 65 percent . but california has also won chief executive s booby - prize for the worst state for business each of the last 6 years . the 500 - top ceO survey found a variety of measures of tax and regulatory regime make california the most expensive state to do business . despite this already deeply negative environment for business , democrats ting and mccarty want california to charge an extra 7 percent corporate surtax that would not be subject to business deductions . their goal is to grab the cash california corporations are saving from president trump s tax cuts and jobs act and spend it on social services . the white house has been trumpeting that the corporate tax cut from 35 percent to 21 percent , has already resulted in 2 million workers getting trump bonus or trump pay raise ; the national association of manufacturers found their member s optimism levels at the highest [ point ] in the survey s 20 - year history ; and the council of economic advisers estimates the economy will grow by an additional 3 percent . but assemblymen mccarty spoke for all of california democrat social justice warriors when he told the sacramento bee , we ve seen enough billionaire justice from the presidency . he added , it s time for middle - class tax justice . as a recent vanity fair article proclaimed , republican tax plan is an elaborate middle finger to liberals . according to comments by heritage foundation economist stephen moore , the tax reform limitation on state and local tax deductions ( salt ) will result in a direct negative economic hit to liberal blue states , especially california . golden state s taxpayers claim salt at the highest deduction per claimant of any state at 36 , 802 . for many democrats , trump s tax cut will create a 12 , 000 state tax increase . ting and mccarty are also furious that a tax reform measure is meant to stop illegal aliens by now requiring parents who claim the child tax credits to produce valid social security numbers . eliminating the widespread use of bogus individual taxpayer identification numbers will eliminate hundreds of billions of california s rampant welfare and medicaid entitlement fraud . if assembly constitutional amendment 22 is approved by two - thirds of both the california assembly and senate , it could be placed on the june ballot . ting and mccarty predict that it may increase corporate taxes by up to 17 billion and the money could be spent on expanding the earned income tax credit , college affordability , child care , and education .
more black and hispanic americans are getting jobs on president donald trump s watch , the latest employment numbers show , although critics accuse him of ignoring such minority populations . the white house , not surprisingly , is happy to tout the results . unemployment among blacks declined from 8 percent one year ago to 7 . 3 percent in november , according to the bureau of labor statistics . blacks labor force participation rate rose slightly over the past year , from 61 . 9 percent in november 2016 to 62 . 2 percent last month . unemployment among hispanics fell by a percentage point , from 5 . 7 percent to 4 . 7 percent , over the year . hispanics labor force participation rate held steady , dipping from 65 . 7 percent to 65 . 6 percent . the labor force participation rate reflects the percentage of americans working or actively looking for work , while the unemployment rate is the percentage of jobless americans still looking for work , as opposed to having given up . all americans continue to see results from the president s bold economic agenda , white house spokeswoman lindsay walters told the daily signal in a written statement , adding : while overall unemployment in november remained at a nearly 17 - year low , the rate is also at historic lows among several groups , including hispanics where it is the lowest in at least 44 years and african - americans where it is at its lowest levels since 2000 . the overall unemployment rate fell to 4 . 1 percent , a 17 - year low . it was 3 . 6 percent among whites and 3 percent among asians , about the same for both as a year ago . teen unemployment , measured from ages 16 to 19 , was the dark lining . though it dropped nominally from november 2016 , from 26 . 6 to 25 . 5 percent , that s up from 23 . 3 in july . limiting taxes and curbing unnecessary government regulation makes it easier for workers and entrepreneurs to succeed , said daniel garza , president of the libre initiative , a conservative hispanic group . the hispanic community is beginning to see the benefits of an improving economy . lawmakers in washington have a critical opportunity to deliver on tax reform that lowers rates , closes loopholes , and enhances competitiveness which families and entrepreneurs are counting on , garza told the daily signal in an email statement , adding : by locking these reforms in place for the long term , congress and the president will help to ensure a stable environment that encourages greater economic opportunity and wage growth . reducing the tax rate on american businesses to 20 percent without creating new tax burdens will be particularly helpful in ensuring the u . s . economy is competitive with those of our major trading partners , boosting the prospects of american workers and families . hispanic families stand to gain a great deal if lawmakers deliver on these promises in the days ahead . the economy has surpassed 3 percent growth for several months . when president barack obama was in the white house , critics of candidate trump said 3 percent growth would be impossible , noted stephen moore , an economist who is a distinguished visiting fellow at the heritage foundation . the left s problem is that they said there is no way to grow the economy at 3 percent , and now they say it s because of obama , moore , who advised the trump campaign on economics , told the daily signal . every economic indicator , with no exceptions , shows we are looking at forward growth . it s very positive , and a dramatic improvement .
belgian police shot an afghan migrant at ghent station tuesday night after the man approached officers , threatening to attack them , and ignored orders to drop a knife . two shots were fired by the officers after the man failed to respond to orders to drop the knife , one of which struck the would - be assailant , causing him to drop his weapon . the 28 - year - old man , who was described as being of afghan origin and as wearing a white turban was handcuffed and taken to hospital , and was in critical condition , although that has now improved . the station and surrounding streets were evacuated by police as a precaution after the attack . belgian flemish newspaper het laatste nieuws reports nothing is known about the man , his identity , or motivation however , belgian police have said they do not believe the undocumented afghan was moved by a terror motive to take a knife to attack police at the station . police have not yet had the opportunity to interrogate the suspect . a police spokesman told the paper : the motive is not yet clear that will be fully investigated . the paper also reported although there was no certainty over who the man was , he did not appear to be known for previous crimes and there are no signs of radicalisation . het belang van limburg reports the police s remarks on available CCtV footage , which shows : the man with a knife rushes into the station and immediately picks two members from the patrolling railway police , who fired at him . the newspaper also reports that rumours the man quoted verses of the quran during the attack had not been confirmed by police .
during the recent government funding debate , democrats insisted on a clean deferred action for childhood arrivals bill . clean voter rolls not so much . earlier this month , the supreme court heard arguments in husted v . a . philip randolph institute , a case out of ohio involving the integrity of elections . more specifically , at issue is ohio s practice of keeping its voter registration rolls clean and up to date through an elaborate six - year - plus process intended to remove the names of voters who have died or moved , either within the state or out of state , as well as duplicate registrations . democrats and their liberal interest - group allies , who apparently prefer dirty and outdated voter rolls , are seeking to prevent ohio from continuing this practice . they contend that ohio s procedure violates the 1993 federal national voter registration act , better known as the motor voter law , which prohibits the government from canceling registrations solely for not voting . ohio , represented by secretary of state jon husted , denies that that s what s happening in the buckeye state . names are not removed arbitrarily , much less solely for the act of not voting , but rather only after a lengthy process of attempting to verify continued residence at the same address . in its legal defense , ohio cites a provision of the motor voter law that urges states to keep their voter registration rolls accurate . the federal law allows names to be removed from the rolls when a voter fails to respond to a mailed , nonforwardable request to confirm one s registration . that request is sent out only after one has failed to vote in a federal election and then failed to vote in two subsequent election cycles . but ohio goes an extra mile to keep voters in the loop , sending out a variety of mailings over a four - year period , such as absentee ballot request forms and change - of - address cards . if the voter responds to any of these notices or votes even once during that four years they remain registered , the columbus dispatch reported . they re removed if they fail to vote over six years , which is more than the minimum protections , ohio state solicitor eric murphy told the justices in the state s appeal of an unfavorable september 2016 ruling by the 6 th u . s . circuit court of appeals . that ruling came ahead of the november 2016 election , and as a result , about 7 , 500 ohio voters whose names had been removed were allowed to cast provisional ballots . so , while the voter roll cleaning process was doubtlessly inconvenient for them , there was no harm , no foul , and they presumably got their names restored on the lists . the plaintiffs in the case argued that voters shouldn t be penalized for not voting , particularly if in any given election they don t like any of the candidates on the ballot . that s a valid point but if missing three consecutive election cycles and ignoring the mailed - out inquiries aren t sufficient grounds for removal from the rolls , what should that threshold be the plaintiffs wouldn t , or couldn t , say . no process for ensuring the accuracy of the voter rolls is perfect and error - free , and in context , those 7 , 500 voters represent a minuscule fraction of the hundreds of thousands of names that have been rightly purged from ohio s voter lists every year in the interest of preventing voter fraud . the names of those deceased or otherwise departed from ohio should not be kept on the rolls just to avoid the rare possibility of disenfranchisement . underscoring this point was a september report by the nonprofit public interest legal foundation . that report found that some 248 counties across 24 states had more names on their voter rolls than the total number of people of voting age in those counties at the time of the 2016 election , per census bureau figures . those counties included new york county ( aka manhattan ) , with a whopping 54 percent more , and california s san diego county . the stakes in husted v . a . philip randolph institute thus extend far beyond the borders of the perennial swing state of ohio . if ohio s election integrity efforts win the supreme court s blessing , then the 17 states that filed amicus briefs in the case will likely follow its lead . other states could follow suit . clean elections may be dirty pool as far as the democrats are concerned , but they are critical for maintaining fair democratic elections .
georgetown university is scrambling to do public penance for having sold 272 black slaves men , women and children in order to save the financially - strapped institution in 1838 , while simultaneously preparing its next appeal for forgiveness by showcasing pro - abortion activists on campus . on tuesday , georgetown president john j . degioia wrote a letter to all members of the georgetown university community , inviting them to an open conversation on the historical role that georgetown played in the institution of slavery and the persistence of racial injustice in our nation , to be held on campus thursday . the event continues an uneasy conversation sparked by revelations that the jesuit priests who ran the nation s top catholic university sold hundreds of slaves to be shipped to plantations in the deep south in order to keep the fledgling university alive . jesuit father thomas mulledy , who served as georgetown s president from 1829 - 38 and 1845 - 48 , personally authorized the sale of 272 enslaved people owned by the society of jesus in maryland , degioia s letter acknowledges . last fall , georgetown expunged the name of fr . thomas mulledy from a building that was named after him , as well as the name of another georgetown president of the same period , fr . william mcsherry , s . j . , from a second building . at thursday s gathering , fr . david collins , s . j . , who chairs the georgetown university working group on slavery , memory , and reconciliation , will share a report of the working group with all present . degioia said that the working group was created to determine how best to acknowledge and recognize this history ; examine and interpret the history of certain sites on our campus , including mulledy hall ; and convene events and opportunities for dialogue . earlier this year , georgetown sought to make amends to the black community by creating a department of african american studies , developing a new center focused on racial justice , and hiring new faculty . ironically , however , as georgetown struggles to purge the memory of its complicity with black slavery in america , it is simultaneously preparing the need to do so all over again regarding an issue that has been repeatedly compared to slavery : the abortion industry . last fall , presidential hopeful dr . ben carson drew a parallel between modern abortion and the u . s . slave trade , noting that abolitionists had no right to be personally opposed to slavery , while supporting it publicly . others have highlighted a number of similarities between the woeful 1857 u . s . supreme court decision in dred scott with the equally wrongheaded jurisprudence involved in roe v . wade . as far back as 1977 , the rev . jesse jackson made a similar argument , noting that if one accepts the position that life is private , and therefore you have the right to do with it as you please , the same logic had to be applied to slavery . you could not protest the existence or treatment of slaves on the plantation because that was private and therefore outside your right to be concerned , he said . pastor clenard childress , jr . , who runs black genocide . org , has said that in the united states today the most dangerous place for an african - american is in the womb , while also underscoring the similarities between arguments for abortion and those used to justify slavery . childress notes that in america black babies are aborted at 3 . 6 times the rate of whites . among white women , there are 138 abortions for every 1000 live births ; among blacks , there are 501 abortions for every 1000 births . this means that the black community suffers wildly disproportionate losses to abortion compared to whites . this past spring , georgetown university invited planned parenthood president cecile richards to speak to its student body on reproductive rights and richards was greeted with a standing ovation by the 400 students and teachers in attendance . georgetown right to life , along with the american society for the defense of tradition , family and property and others , organized a demonstration on campus to protest the university s decision to invite richards . at the time , protesters noted that ms . richards has overseen the wholesale death of over 2 . 8 million babies since becoming planned parenthood s president in 2006 and that her presence on campus dishonors the memory of all the jesuit saints and martyrs who gave up their lives for god and the church . a disproportionate number of those aborted children were african americans . it doesn t stretch the imagination to compare this event with inviting a noted slave trader in the mid - 1850 s to speak on campus about the benefits of that institution to commerce , social progress and the academy . so as georgetown desperately tries to make amends for its complicity in slavery a century and a half ago , it hastens to assure that a future georgetown president will be writing a similar letter and creating a similar work group to beg forgiveness for its complicity in abortion . some people never learn . follow thomas d . williams on twitter follow tdwilliamsrome
in her first major policy address of 2018 , education secretary betsy devos criticized the education policies of the obama and bush administrations , and laid out plans for the future of education reform . devos has made school choice and reducing the role of the federal government in education two of her priorities as the trump administration s education chief . she also is working toward fulfilling president donald trump s 2016 campaign promise to end common core the education initiative that outlines what students should know in math and language arts at the end of each year of k - 12 schooling . i agree and have always agreed with president trump on this : common core is a disaster , devos said in recent remarks at the american enterprise institute . and at the u . s . department of education , common core is dead , devos added . it s about educational freedom , she said , expressing support for school choice . opponents of school choice could repeal every state and local school choice measure , but it wouldn t go away , she said . there would still be school choices for the affluent and the powerful . devos said the federal first approach did not start with the federal no child left behind law under president george w . bush and noted how the federal government created the department of education under president jimmy carter in the late 1970 s . she said federal mandates distort what the education system should be , which is a trusting relationship between teacher , parent , and student . even with the creation of the federal education department , she said , most classrooms today look remarkably similar to those of 1938 , the year the american enterprise institute was founded . our societies and economies have moved beyond the industrial era , but the data tell us education hasn t , she said , contrasting it with how retail has changed over the past 80 years , from general stores to websites . each time the federal government has passed education reform legislation , such as with no child left behind , which did little to spark higher scores , it has not changed the system , devos said . each attempt has really just been a new coat of paint on the same old wall . it s not just the amount of education funding , either , devos said . the fact is the united states spends more per pupil than most other developed countries , many of which perform better than us in the same surveys . additionally , the obama administration s school improvement grants , which sought to fix targeted schools by injecting them with cash , cost 7 billion with little to show for it . devos didn t knock all of president barack obama s policies , however . she said the every student succeeds act charted a path in a new direction and is a good step in the right direction , but it s just that a step . devos said she thinks equal access to a quality education should be a right for every american , and every parent should have the right to choose how their child is educated . she added , i trust parents and teachers , and i believe in students .
the national abortion rights action league ( naral ) has reacted fiercely to recent parallels drawn between abortion and slavery , calling the comparison shameful vile . naral s tweet sunday that abortion is a basic human right not slavery and slamming comparisons between the two institutions came in reaction to a huffington post article attacking judge john k . bush , newly appointed to the 6 th u . s . circuit court of appeals , who has compared abortion to slavery . african pro - life activist obianuju ekeocha retweeted the naral message , saying she wanted to preserve the comment for posterity , so that one day long after we are dead , there will be records of the inhumane sentiments that held up abortion . i m leaving this comment here so that one day long after we are dead , there will be records of the inhumane sentiments that held up abortion < URL > obianuju ekeocha ( obianuju ) august 5 , 2017 abortion , like slavery in america , targets the black community in a particular way , and has been decried by countless black leaders as racist in its very roots . earlier this year , former presidential candidate alan keyes called abortion more evil than slavery , arguing that many americans today hold the same underlying prejudices that made slavery possible in the 19 th century . many americans contend that without abortion rights , women cannot be free , keyes wrote . thus they hold that the individual s freedom to murder nascent human offspring is an indispensable prerogative of american citizenship , which must be protected with the coercive force of law . in its internal logic , keyes said , this is identical to what the proponents of race - based slavery said about the freedom of their communities and states . alveda king , the niece of civil rights champion rev . martin luther king jr . , campaigns non - stop for the pro - life cause and does not shy away from calling it the great civil rights issue of our day . having had two abortions ( one against her will ) before becoming committed to the pro - life movement , ms . king speaks from a position of experience and authority . moreover , ms . king found out later in her life that her own mother had wished to abort her , but was prevented from doing so by her grandfather . my mother wanted to abort me , and that was basically a family secret , she said . my grandfather stopped her and said that he had a dream and saw me perfectly . he was a prophetic dreamer , like martin . in the lead - up to last november s election , a group of leading black christian clergy and intellectuals wrote an open letter to democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton , denouncing clinton s complicity in america s abortion industry , which has had a catastrophic impact on the black community . the 26 prominent black christian leaders , including eight african american bishops , assailed clinton for what they call her unconscionable silence in the face of such destruction of innocent black life , through her vigorous support of the u . s . abortion industry . black babies are dying at terrifying rates , states the letter , a copy of which was sent to breitbart news . don t black lives matter in their letter , the leaders noted that the rate of abortion among blacks is far higher than among whites , with 365 black babies aborted for every 1 , 000 that are born . blacks account for roughly 38 of all abortions in the country though we represent only 13 of the population , they said , citing statistics that underscore the heavily racist component of abortion in america . the reverend clenard h . childress has called this phenomenon black genocide , building a national ministry around its exposure . childress cites an estimate that since 1973 black women in america have had some 16 million abortions , an enormous loss . without it , america s black community would now number 52 million persons , he suggests . the abortion movement , spearheaded by the international planned parenthood federation ( ippf ) , has been no friend to blacks , despite their rhetoric to the contrary . margaret sanger , founder of planned parenthood , the nation s largest abortion provider , was a notorious racist and eugenicist , and worked actively to reduce the black population . as part of the eugenics movement in the 1930 s , sanger thought that abortion could effectively cull inferior races from the human gene pool . sanger chose inner cities as the sites for her first abortion clinics , and still today , 79 percent of planned parenthood s abortion facilities are located in black or minority neighborhoods . planned parenthood s research and propaganda arm , the guttmacher institute , was named after former planned parenthood president alan guttmacher , who was also vice - president of the american eugenics society . guttmacher was an advocate of coercive population control , and sought the involvement of the united nations to achieve a significant and targeted reduction of population . my own feeling , he said in an interview in 1970 , is that we ve got to pull out all the stops and involve the united nations . if you re going to curb population , it s extremely important not to have it done by the damned yankees , but by the un . because the thing is , then it s not considered genocide . if the united states goes to the black man or the yellow man and says slow down your reproduction rate , we re immediately suspected of having ulterior motives to keep the white man dominant in the world . if you can send in a colorful un force , you ve got much better leverage , he said . follow thomas d . williams on twitter follow tdwilliamsrome
by : follow susancrabtree house minority leader nancy pelosi ( d . , calif . ) , who often rails against income inequality and calls on the wealthy to pay its " fair share " in taxes , took pains in late december to try to preserve tax breaks for two of her multi - million - dollar homes one last time before the new tax law kicked in . largely thanks to her husband paul , a real - estate and venture - capital investor , pelosi is the wealthiest woman in congress with a net worth of more than 100 million and the seventh wealthiest member overall , according to the center for responsive politics . in fact , assets and cash disclosed in her 2016 financial - disclosure statement places pelosi in the top one - tenth of the 1 percent of americans . pelosi ' s annual property tax bill alone on three luxury homes last year 137 , 000 is more than twice the 2016 u . s . median household income of 59 , 039 , which the u . s . census reported last fall . like most taxpayers , she also apparently wants to keep as much of her money as u . s . tax law allows , though she did not mention those plans during the contentious months - long debate on the gop tax bill last fall or how it would impact her personally . at the time , pelosi accused republicans and president trump of hiking taxes on the middle - class while slashing those for corporations . she denounced the bill using apocalyptic terms , decrying it as " armageddon " and " like death . " at one point , she said the tax plan was a " monumental , brazen theft from the middle class , " and pledged that democrats will continue to demand " job - creating , wage - raising tax reform with not one penny in tax breaks for the wealthiest one percent . " just days after president trump signed the sweeping tax bill into law late last month , pelosi and her husband tried to preserve 64 , 000 in property tax breaks , known as the state and local taxes ( salt ) deductions , for her two california homes . the new tax law limits the deduction to 10 , 000 and went into effect jan . 1 . like many taxpayers with big property tax bills across the country , the pelosis in late december prepaid the second half of their 2017 - 2018 property tax bills for their 7 . 2 million estate in san francisco ' s tony pacific heights and napa vineyard and residence worth more than 4 million , according to san francisco city - county and napa county property records . the couple paid the full annual property taxes on their luxury washington harbor condo on the georgetown waterfront before the tax bill became law . paying the taxes earlier than the 2018 bills require is a smart accounting move that could save the pelosis tens of thousands of dollars . however , it also illustrates a republican talking point about the tax bill : that the new law is eliminating tax breaks that primarily benefit the wealthy . pelosi and her husband have owed roughly 137 , 000 annually in local property taxes on the three homes they use and don ' t rent out : two in california and one in d . c . , city and county property records show . before the beginning of the year , they were allowed to write off all of those property taxes on their federal taxes but now can deduct only 10 , 000 of it under the new law . the pelosis could make up a good portion of the lost deduction through the new law ' s provision lowering the tax rate on the highest income bracket from 39 . 6 to 37 percent . however , tax experts say they could still wind up paying thousands of dollars more to the federal government than in previous years because of the new law ' s salt deduction cap . pelosi spokesman henry connelly justified the pre - payment by arguing that it is legal and thousands of other californians also tried to pre - pay their 2018 taxes in december . " millions of middle - class families and homeowners in cities and suburbs across america are facing a big state and local tax hike because of the gop tax scam , " connelly said in an emailed statement . " any middle class family whose state and local income and property taxes add up to more than 10 , 000 will be forced to pay more and many of these families also prepaid their property taxes before 2018 in hopes of staving off this gop tax hike , including , for instance , 72 , 000 people in san diego county alone . " " this action is compliant with current tax laws and irs guidance , " he added . the sweeping changes to the tax law are hitting the pelosis ' real - estate holdings particularly hard . despite their wealth and assets , the couple still carries heavy mortgage debt . because all of their homes were purchased before 2018 , they can still deduct the first 1 million in mortgage - interest debt on each home , but the pelosis also have equity lines of credit on each of the three properties in question , totaling approximately 1 . 1 million to 2 . 25 million , according to her 2016 personal financial disclosure form , the latest available . under the old tax law , mortgage interest on the first 100 , 000 of each of those equity lines would be tax - deductible ; the new law eliminates tax breaks for equity lines entirely . pelosi and her husband also own four other residential and commercial properties with a combined total value of 7 . 5 to 36 million and reported annual rental income of between 315 , 000 and 3 , 050 , 000 from them , according to her most recent financial disclosure report , which only provides broad value ranges . the new tax law continues to allow rental owners to deduct their property taxes as part of the businesses ' expenses . the pelosis sold two other california properties in 2016 and reported that they earned between 200 , 000 and 2 million in " capital gains / rent " from them that year . before january , there was no limit on the amount taxpayers could deduct on taxes paid to state and local governments , including property , income , and sales taxes . that policy , critics say , gave democrat - run states an incentive to increase their taxes while citizens in other states with lower local taxes didn ' t get the same tax benefit . " the salt deduction is really an unfair tax deduction . for a person who makes the same amount of money in texas , california , and tennessee , the person who lives in california or new york , or new jersey gets a big tax break that the other people don ' t get , " said rachel greszler a research fellow in economics at the heritage foundation ' s institute for economic freedom . " it ' s an issue of fairness , and [ the previous law ] encouraged states to raise their taxes and push the costs of running the federal government onto other states , " she added . pelosi has argued that capping the salt deduction is " an insidious effort to raise taxes on the middle class . " however , most of the benefits of the tax break go almost entirely to top income earners , the bill ' s gop backers and other tax experts point out . only 28 percent of all tax filers in the united states claim the deduction , and nearly 90 percent of the tax break goes to those with incomes in excess of 100 , 000 , according to the nonpartisan tax foundation . additionally , because the higher income earners pay more in state and local taxes , the value of the tax break sharply increases as income also rises . the heritage foundation ' s greszler analyzed irs statistics for california filers in tax year 2015 and found that only 34 percent of tax filers in the state claim the salt deduction . the average salt deduction for a california millionaire that year was 462 , 503 while the same tax break for someone earning between 75 , 000 to 100 , 000 was 7 , 931 , well under the 10 , 000 cap . those deductions translate into a tax benefit of roughly 171 , 126 for millionaires in the highest tax bracket and just 1 , 745 dollars for those making 75 , 000 to 100 , 000 , greszler said . pelosi and her husband were hardly alone in trying to pre - pay 2018 taxes in the final days of last year . thousands of taxpayers across the country with high property tax bills rushed to pay their bills at the end of december in the hope they could still take advantage of the far more expansive deduction before the new law took effect jan . 1 . it is unclear if the effort will pay off : the irs has said that localities must have already assessed the 2018 property taxes before the december payments in order for them to count . officials in the golden state , as well as new york and new jersey , where state and local deductions for taxpayers are the highest , are trying to rewrite their tax codes to reduce the impact of the new salt - deduction limit . in california , in particular , democrats are getting creative . kevin de leon , the outgoing democratic leader of the california state senate who is challenging sen . dianne feinstein ( d . , calif . ) from the left , wrote a bill that would create a state - affiliated california excellence fund . the fund , which the state would tap to pay for public services , would serve as a charitable repository for taxpayers to pay any property tax exceeding the new 10 , 000 cap . federal law still allows an unlimited deduction for charitable donations . some tax experts are already predicting the work - around will fail because irs rules generally ensure individuals who make charitable contributions aren ' t doing so in order to gain a substantial windfall in return . " to be deductible , charitable contributions must have a genuinely charitable aspect , and cannot primarily benefit the contributor or involve a quid pro quo . payments which function as taxes may be classified as taxes even if states choose to call them something else , " jared walczak , a senior policy analyst at the tax foundation , wrote in a recent article .
by : follow joeschoffstall liberal billionaire george soros spent more on lobbying during president donald trump ' s first year in office than he has in any previous year , disclosure forms show . the open society policy center , a d . c . - based 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) nonprofit that focuses on domestic and international advocacy efforts and is a separate entity from soros ' s open society foundations , poured 16 . 2 million into lobbying throughout the entirety of 2017 . soros ' s group reported spending 4 . 6 million during the first half of 2017 on its lobbying efforts . during the third quarter , soros added 1 . 25 million to the total . most of the lobbying expenditures 10 . 3 million were spent during the fourth quarter , which spans from october 1 to december 31 . soros ramped up his efforts as the year progressed by pushing funds toward issues that have been seen as a direct attack on the deep - pocketed financier , such as hungary ' s bill on foreign funded organizations ( lexngo ) , a crackdown on foreign - funded organizations in that country . hungary ' s parliament approved the law that targets foreign - funded ngos in june of last year , saying they could " threaten the country ' s political and economic interests and interfere with the functioning of its institutions . " while the legislation does not mention soros , who was born in hungary and has given money to a number of ngos in the country , by name , hungarian politicians have said that they wanted to " sweep out " organizations tied to the financier , bloomberg reported . soros also pushed funds to lobby on the restricted first use of nuclear weapons act of 2017 , the national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2018 , and the preventing preemptive war in north korea act of 2017 , among others , according to the disclosure forms . the open society policy center lobbied the senate , house of representatives , state department , national security council , and the department of defense last year . " we make different grants each year depending on what is happening in congress and there was a lot going in 2017 : protecting immigrants and refugees , preserving fairness in the tax code , advocating for criminal justice reform , pressing for disaster relief for puerto rico , and promoting a progressive u . s . foreign policy , " said jonathan kaplan , a spokesman for the open society policy center . between 2002 and 2012 , the policy center reported spending a total of 19 , 120 , 000 lobbying congress and agencies , an average of 1 . 9 million on lobbying per year . the most soros had spent on lobbying prior to last year was 12 . 4 million in 2014 . the group ' s disclosure forms also show that soros has recruited the help of a number of outside lobbying shops in the past including orion strategies , the mitchell firm , and glover park group , all d . c . - based firms , on top of its three in - house lobbyists . the open society policy center hauled in 17 million in contributions in 2015 , according to the group ' s most recent tax forms . during that year , one of the group ' s largest grant disbursements went to the advocacy fund , an organization that helps to navigate " lobbying , political and funding rules to win campaigns for social change , " in the amount of 800 , 000 . the advocacy fund is involved with demos , a new york - based public policy organization whose board of directors is chaired by amelia warren tyagi , the daughter of sen . elizabeth warren ( d . , mass . ) . indivisible , one of the most prominent anti - trump groups today , is also listed under the advocacy fund ' s projects . gara lamarche , who sat on the board of directors of the policy center during the time covered by its most recent tax forms , and is still a member of its board , is now the president of the democracy alliance , a secretive donor club where soros is a founding partner . the alliance consists of wealthy liberals who each vow to steer hundreds of thousands of dollars in funding to progressive groups . the free beacon attended the group ' s secretive fall investment conference held last november at the la costa resort and spa in carlsbad , calif . and obtained confidential documents at the retreat where the group was planning its next steps in the " resistance . " soros , along with house minority leader nancy pelosi ( d . , calif . ) , headlined the event . sen . kamala harris ( d . , calif . ) , a potential democratic presidential hopeful for 2020 , introduced soros with a " special videotaped message . " sen . amy klobuchar ( d . , minn . ) also delivered a video message to the group . pennsylvania gov . tom wolf ( d . ) and rep . ben ray luj n ( d . , minn . ) , who chairs the democratic congressional campaign committee ( dccc ) , were in attendance . rep . maxine waters ( d . , calif . ) , not listed on the agenda , was also spotted at the resort . david brock , the former conservative investigative journalist turned clinton loyalist and founder of media matters for america , was also not listed in the agenda but was present at the gathering . brock held his own donor conference at the turnberry isle miami resort in aventura , fla . , last january where he huddled with more than 100 liberal donors to map out how they would " kick donald trump ' s ass . " the free beacon obtained the private and confidential memo brock handed out to donors at the event outlining his four - year agenda to attack trump and republicans using media matters , american bridge , citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington , and shareblue . update : the article has been updated to specify that gara lamarche was a member of the the open society policy center ' s board of directors , but not the group ' s director , during the time of the 2015 tax forms .
travelling 8 km per hour below the speed limit for the past half an hour , the car in front will accelerate for the overtaking lane , before returning to his original speed once the lane ends , it has emerged . when the overtaking lane arrived , it reminded me just how slow i ve been going so i ll speed up now so no - one can overtake me , then slam on the brakes once we re down to one lane again , the driver reported . he said it was likely he d remain under the speed limit until the next overtaking lane . it s such a good reminder drivers behind said it was fun to be able to accelerate to the speed limit for 1 . 5 km before slowing to a one - lane crawl again . this is what driving is all about one driver said . subscribe to the shovel . or follow us on facebook twitter instagram .
a man draped in a flag made in a sprawling factory on the outskirts of guangzhou says he s never felt more australian . shouting aussie , aussie , aussie , the man proudly displayed the 1 . 5 metre flag which was made on the same production line as a canadian flag , a spanish soccer t - shirt , and a plastic dancing stars - and - stripes uncle sam figurine ( batteries not included ) . you won t find this anywhere else in the world , the man said , pointing to his australian flag - themed stubbie holder , which spent two months in a shipping container in shanghai with a batch of new zealand flag - themed stubbie holders , before being transported to australasia , via singapore . the man said the paraphernalia , which was made for 43 cents by a 65 year - old man at the end of a 16 - hour shift , was symbolic of australian values . subscribe to the shovel . or follow us on facebook twitter instagram .
something seems to be shifting within the republican - led congress . senate majority leader mitch mcconnell ( r - ky ) basically told donald trump to decide what he wants . sen . lindsey graham said he was tired of passing the buck on military spending , so he was voting no on a temporary budget . now , the house intelligence committee has done something unexpected . glenn simpson founded the private intelligence firm fusion gps . conservatives hired the firm to get background information of donald trump during the 2016 presidential campaign . after trump became the republican candidate , the hillary clinton campaign hired the firm . then , fusion hired former british intelligence officer christopher steele , who put together the dossier on donald trump and russia . the information in the dossier has not been verified , but sources say that it corresponds with facts identified in the russiagate investigation . the house intelligence committee called simpson before it to testify in a closed - door session as part of its investigation into russiagate . both simpson and his partner , peter fritsch , asked the members of congress to make the testimony public . since he testified , both men have been relentlessly attacked by trump supporters . the committee just decided to release the transcript of simpson s testimony to the public . the ranking senate judiciary committee member , dianne feinstein ( d - ca ) , released her committee s transcript last week . she had been asking the committee chair , chuck grassley ( r - ia ) , to do so . finally , she just released them herself . as a result , trump called her sneaky dianne , which was ridiculous , given her stature in the senate and as former mayor of san francisco . featured image via getty images .
the question of when and with what purpose special counsel robert mueller would hold the president s feet to the fire has loomed over the trump / russia probe , and few details have been forthcoming . two sources close to the investigation leaked to reporters on tuesday what direction that interrogation will take . two key firings by president trump those of former fbi director james comey and trump s former national security adviser , the retired gen . michael flynn provide the basis for the first of mueller s many questions delving into the allegations that president trump obstructed justice during his initial days in office . according to the washington post : within the past two weeks , the special counsel s office has indicated to the white house that the two central subjects that investigators wish to discuss with the president are the departures of flynn and comey and the events surrounding their firings . flynn resigned last february after the washington post reported that he misled vice president pence and other administration officials about his communications with the russian ambassador to the united states trump fired comey in may , several days after the then - fbi director told congress he could not comment on whether there was evidence of collusion between the trump campaign and russia . comey later testified that the president had asked him several months earlier whether he could see a way to letting flynn go . both firings raised questions about obstruction of justice when they were announced . trump s requests that comey back off the investigation into michael flynn led to suspicions that trump may not only have been trying to protect his friend , but trying to protect himself due to knowledge that flynn may have of possible wrongdoing by trump and / or his campaign staff , as well . his subsequent firing of comey when the investigation continued going forward only strengthened those suspicions . trump s firing of flynn was only questionable because of its delay ; after all , sally yates warned white house counsel don mcgahn on january 26 , 2017 that flynn could potentially be blackmailed by russia over compromising information they had on him . however , the president did not fire his national security adviser a national security adviser compromised by a hostile foreign government until february 13 , 2017 , nearly three weeks later . trump raised even more alarm bells in regards to his firing on gen . flynn nearly ten months later in december , 2017 , in a tweet , listing a new reason for the decision to oust flynn than he had offered at the time . when flynn s firing was announced , the reason given was that he had lied to vice president mike pence . trump s tweet suggests he also fired him because he lied to the fbi ( a federal crime ) , and trump asked comey to drop the investigation into flynn the day after he fired him . if he made that request of comey knowing that flynn had committed a crime , that s obstruction of justice . trump later backtracked and insisted it was his lawyer who wrote the admission to obstruction of justice in the form of a tweet , but with a president that utterly incapable of sticking to a narrative and telling the truth even to save his own skin now facing a questioning by mueller , impeachment seems all but impossible . featured image via getty / ann hesenfelt
a winter storm hitting the east coast could easily shatter all - time records in regards to cold temperatures . by the end of the week , we could all be freezing , to say the least . this storm seems to thr
a winter storm hitting the east coast could easily shatter all - time records in regards to cold temperatures . by the end of the week , we could all be freezing , to say the least . this storm seems to thr
we appreciate your help click here to donate cateGOries cateGOries select category 9 / 11 censored allen west cair nazis children donald trump enemywithin - america enemywithin - foreign halal slaughter islam and the jews islam in america islam in public schools islam nOt islamic britain islamization of the west islamObama islamomania jihad this just the facts laughing at islam military stories muslim animal abuse muslim hate hoaxes muslim invaders muslims against islam muslims vs muslims never hire a muslim persecution of christians pro - america muslims religion of hate say what uncategorized women
it would be great if donald trump had a clue how to do his job . his great sacrifice has been sitting in the white house instead of jetting down to mar - a - lago for a 100 , 000 per couple fundraiser and ego boost . the jello - dealer thinks that he has a great idea to solve the absurd nation shutdown . in his early morning tweet , the president made it clear how much he despises the democrats and enjoys dividing the country : great to see how hard republicans are fighting for our military and safety at the border . the dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked . if stalemate continues , republicans should go to 51 ( nuclear option ) and vote on real , long term budget , no c . r . s for some reason , trump has been hot to get rid of the senate s 60 - vote historical process . he might not like that nearly so much when the democrats take over large numbers of seats in the mid - term elections . trump will never recognize that he is the source of congress problem . there have been several bipartisan solutions that he agreed to , then his chief of staff john kelly or head speech writer , stephen miller , grab his ear , and all bets are off . they completely quash any deal . the president promised his supporters that his greatest achievement was making deals . it seems , that is just one more lie to pile upon the mountain of existing lies . one of these days , that mountain will implode . donald trump probably needs to go back for a refresher at trump university . check out this amazing tweets about the great negotiator : featured image via getty images .
even though sen . john mccain ( r - az ) is 81 years old and battling brain cancer , he is a tremendous powerhouse . the senator just added his voice to sen . jeff flake s ( r - az ) comparison of donald trump to the brutal russian dictator , joseph stalin . mccain boosted their message about the press into the stratosphere . mccain wrote in the washington post about human rights icon natan sharansky , who won the ( president ) ronald reagan freedom award . the activist received reagan s strong defense of freedom award for surviving the soviet gulags : reagan recognized that as leader of the free world , his words carried enormous weight , and he used them to inspire the unprecedented spread of democracy around the world . then , the arizona senator pounded trump in his washington post piece : president trump does not seem to understand that his rhetoric and actions reverberate in the same way . he has threatened to continue his attempt to discredit the free press by bestowing fake news awards upon reporters and news outlets whose coverage he disagrees with . whether trump knows it or not , these efforts are being closely watched by foreign leaders who are already using his words as cover as they silence and shutter one of the key pillars of democracy . mccain spoke about dangerous years to be a journalist : according to the committee to protect journalists , 2017 was one of the most dangerous years to be a journalist . last year , the organization documented 262 cases of journalists being imprisoned for their work . reporters around the world face intimidation , threats of violence , harassment , persecution and sometimes even death as governments resort to brutal censorship to silence the truth . mccain survived five and a half years of torture in a vietnam prison camp : the committee s report revealed a bleak global climate for press freedom , as more governments seek to control access to information and limit freedom of opinion and expression . they do this not only by arresting journalists but also by fostering distrust of media coverage and accusing reporters of undermining national security and pride . governments dub the press the enemy of the people , weaken or eliminate their independence , and exploit the lack of serious scrutiny to encroach on individual liberties and freedoms . as one of the most patriotic members of congress , the senator called trump out for his assault on journalism : this assault on journalism and free speech proceeds apace in places such as russia , turkey , china , egypt , venezuela and many others . yet even more troubling is the growing number of attacks on press freedom in traditionally free and open societies , where censorship in the name of national security is becoming more common . britain passed a surveillance law that experts warn chills free speech , and countries from france to germany are looking to do the same . in malta , a prominent journalist was brutally murdered in october after uncovering systemic government corruption . in poland , an independent news outlet was fined ( later rescinded ) nearly half a million dollars for broadcasting images of an anti - government protest . this week we ll debate everything from the budget to immigration . we re also likely to hear more attacks on the free press . as a fmr reporter s daughter , i know how important accurate / uncensored journalism is to our democracy i won t let these attacks stand . share speak up pic . twitter . com / kwc1swogme amy klobuchar ( amyklobuchar ) january 16 , 2018 then , the lone republican voice who voted repealing obamacare with a thumbs down , called the sitting president hypocritical : unfortunately , the trump administration s attitude toward such behavior has been inconsistent at best and hypocritical at worst . while administration officials often condemn violence against reporters abroad , trump continues his unrelenting attacks on the integrity of american journalists and news outlets . this has provided cover for repressive regimes to follow suit . the phrase fake news granted legitimacy by an american president is being used by autocrats to silence reporters , undermine political opponents , stave off media scrutiny and mislead citizens . cpj documented 21 cases in 2017 in which journalists were jailed on fake news charges . mccain has been the perfect example of honor and integrity . he continued : trump s attempts to undermine the free press also make it more difficult to hold repressive governments accountable . for decades , dissidents and human rights advocates have relied on independent investigations into government corruption to further their fight for freedom . but constant cries of fake news undercut this type of reporting and strip activists of one of their most powerful tools of dissent . then , the senator who fears nothing and no one hammered trump s fake news awards : president trump tweeted on jan . 7 that he has rescheduled the presentation of his fake news awards to jan . 17 . we cannot afford to abdicate america s long - standing role as the defender of human rights and democratic principles throughout the world . without strong leadership in the white house , congress must commit to protecting independent journalism , preserving an open and free media environment , and defending the fundamental right to freedom of opinion and expression . we can do this by encouraging our partners and allies to review their laws and practices , including the abuse of defamation and anti - terrorism laws , to better protect press freedom and ensure that they do not unduly shrink the space for free speech . we can authorize u . s . foreign assistance to support independent media outlets and programs that create greater media pluralism . we can do more to foster conditions in which freedom of expression and information can thrive , including working to change increasingly political attitudes toward journalism . and we can condemn violence against journalists , denounce censorship and support dissidents and activists as they seek to speak the truth . mccain played to the public s better angels : ultimately , freedom of information is critical for a democracy to succeed . we become better , stronger and more effective societies by having an informed and engaged public that pushes policymakers to best represent not only our interests but also our values . journalists play a major role in the promotion and protection of democracy and our unalienable rights , and they must be able to do their jobs freely . only truth and transparency can guarantee freedom . thank you , john mccain . featured image via getty images / win mcnamee .
dogs are adorable . unless you ve had a really bad experience with one , it s hard not to love them . in most cases they are extremely happy to see you , unlike a lot of the people in the world that you have to face on a regular basis . and they are a major stress reliever . by simply sitting down and petting your pup for a few minutes a day , your blood pressure is likely to go down and you will be rejuvenated and ready to tackle the rest of the day . another great thing about pups is that they have such a variety of personalities , just like people . in fact , they are not much different than us . each breed has certain traits that they are known for and if used properly can be a major benefit to society . this is similar to how every human has gifts and talents that they use toward their careers and families . the golden retriever is amongst the most popular dog breeds and it s not surprising considering they are very family friendly and have no problem fitting right into the structure of the modern family . golden retrievers get along great with children and tend to participate in childhood antics with ease . they are usually okay with a little tugging from a toddler , and they don t mind endless hours of noise associated with squawking toys and chatty babies . but , let s face it dogs need their sleep too , and after a lot of disturbances , they can get downright cranky just like the rest of us . one woman experienced firsthand , just how human - like dogs can be . it all started when a strange golden retriever wandered into her yard . it was clear that this particular dog was taken care of as he approached her and succumbed to her pets . he had a collar on and it was obvious that he was well - fed . she gave him a few pats on the head and then proceeded to go into her house , but she wasn t alone . the pup decided to make himself at home and he followed her inside . but , he took it a step further when he walked down the hallway , found a cozy corner and curled up into a ball for a little snooze . an hour later , the dog awoke and walked to the door , as if asking to be let out . this exact routine went off and on for several weeks and only made the woman more curious about the dog s home . so , one day , she was determined to find out . she wrote out a note and pinned it to his collar . i would like to find out who the owner of this wonderful sweet dog is and ask if you are aware that almost every afternoon your dog comes to my house for a nap . the next day , the woman got her answer . the pup returned for his daily nap , with a new note pinned to his collar he lives in a home with six children , two under the age of three . he s trying to catch up on his sleep . can i come with him tomorrow
the footage below will warm your heart . it is one of the most adorable things i ve seen this week , and i m excited to share it with you . in the clip , which is sweeping the internet , by the way , a giant mastiff and a baby chimpanzee are caught bonding and becoming friends despite being of different species . in what mail online is dubbing an inter - species play day , the dog and primate have a fun time together playing on a couch despite being different types of animals . but they still share a love for having fun , and that s why this clip is becoming so popular . zoological wildlife foundation in miami posted the video online on january 11 , 2018 . and it has gone viral in the week since . on facebook , the clip has amassed over 10 million hits and counting . the volunteers and staff at the zoological wildlife foundation were overjoyed to watch the baby chimp and the mastiff bonding and playing . they shared the following caption for the viral clip : it s always amazing to see two different species love each other and get along so well , the wildlife foundation stated on its facebook page , adding : there is much to learn from them . the baby chimp just wants to play . and in the clip , he is wearing a pink t - shirt that has mr . cool written across its front . and they primate continues to play with the giant brown and black speckled mastiff that is sitting on the couch next to him . clearly , the two inter - species friends have a close relationship . they share enough trust to poke and prod one another . and not once during the interaction , does the mastiff or the chimp show signs of growing frustration . people eagerly shared their thoughts about the heartwarming moment . for example , one commenter posted : people need to give more scary dog breeds a chance . [ my ] dog leo is an italian mastiff just like the one in this video , and he is the sweetest most cuddly dog . viewers on mail online were equally inspired . some wrote comments , including the following popular ones . i have owned three mastiffs , and each one was a gentle giant . my cat adores my current mastiff . it s amazing because in the wild they would never do this , who is ignorant mastiffs by nature are extremely mellow and well - mannered until you try to harm its family . we have so much to learn . some viewers were not surprised the two different species of mammals developed such a close relationship so fast . i don t know why people think that animals playing together are amazing . all animals speak the same language . humans are just too ignorant to understand it . animals succeed in bonding the cross - cultural way . why can t we do you know why this works money isn t involved . take a moment to watch this video . as one commenter shared , we can learn a lot from animals . when we see others as equals and not as threats , we can more easily open our hearts to them and be free . what s your reaction to the footage
travelling in south america will bring you into contact with some surprising wildlife . you may encounter bugs and spiders you never thought existed crawling all over you in the dead of night . or equally scary is the chance run - in you may have with wild cats in the mountains as you venture along in a tour guided vehicle or your transportation vehicle of choice . sometimes the interactions with nature can actually be quite serene like the time dirk morgan found a struggling sloth and rescued it . dirk morgan would be the first to admit he has seen a lot of what nature has to offer . having taken many nature trips with his wife over the years , the couple from ohio expected their trip to costa rica to be filled with some excitement but they could never have predicted what they would find . on this one occasion , the morgans found a struggling sloth on the shoreline unable to make it s way to safety . the morgans live and run the jungle lodge in peurto jimenez in costa rica . the lodge is located on the osa peninsula which , as it happens , is one of the most biodiverse habitats left on earth . the morgans call this territory their home and have come to appreciate the wide variety of life forms hovering around them at all times . it was still curious one monday morning for them to hear a strange sound coming from the rocks on the ocean . they ventured down and found a baby sloth underneath some of the rocks and clinging on for dear life . the morgans pointed out that strong rains had come overnight and must surely have caused some commotion . while it was unclear how exactly this little guy ended up nestled between the rocks , it was clear that help was needed otherwise imminent death was in its future . dirk said that if the sloth had been there for even an hour long it would have made a nice lunch for the stray dogs who roam the coastline looking for scraps . the morgans gathered all the supplies they needed to help the little guy find his way back to the jungle . they brought a box , a warm towel , and fresh water to the ailing sloth to give it the support and energy boost it needed to make it back home . it just so happened that help was close by . the morgan s jungle lodge is located next door to an animal sanctuary run by paul tudor jones , a wealthy hedge fund manager and founder of the robin hood foundation . it was no problem for the sanctuary to take the ailing sloth into their care and rehabilitate it accordingly . photos of the whole excursion posted by the morgans show all the stages of rescue that went down . by the end of it all , when the sloth is in the warm care of the preservationists , a photo was taken that makes it seem like the little guy is smiling you would not need to convince the morgans that the natural wildlife has its mysterious ways of communicating with humans .
when a rare shark was caught , scientists were left blundering for answers . this shark has a unique feature . and it s not that it can survive at extreme depths or live for an extended period of time . this shark s unique trait is that it can extend its jaw in a telescoping fashion beyond its mouth . if you ve ever seen the hit science fiction movie alien , this shark is that monster made manifest on earth . this shark stalks its prey and then lashes out with its telescoping teeth to snatch large fish and swallow them in one bite . it s a deadly predator of the deep sea . besides its telescoping teeth , this shark can glow in the dark and was only recently discovered back in 1986 . in the three decades since it was first found , just a select few of this exotic shark species have been found . but during a routine survey in the donghe township in taiwan , the country s fisheries research institute found five of these horrifying deep - sea sharks . the team was notably horrified and described the most obvious feature are the needle - shaped teeth , like snake - like fangs . this is also the origin of viper shark name . that s right . this beast is called the viper shark . and as you can tell by its name , it is ferocious with its prey . although researchers have gotten their hands on a few of these animals , little is known about them . but researchers think these creatures swim between 300 - 400 meters under the surface of the ocean during the day to 150 meters below at night . could this be because of temperature changes or is it something to do with light the last five specimens were trawled up from a depth of 350 meters below the surface of the sea . four were already dead . but a living specimen was immediately immersed in cool seawater . but it could not handle the sudden change in its habitat . it perished just a day later . while viper sharks look like the alien monster from the movie , they do not feed on humans . their main food sources are crustaceans and bony fishes . one of their favorite lunch items is the lanternfish . these creatures might be attracted toward the shark because of their glow - in - the - dark bodies . and when they swim close enough , the shark lashes out with its extendable jaw and snatches the fish up and devours it whole . the first specimens of viper shark were found off the coast of shikoku island in japan in 1986 . bottom - trawler vessel seiryo - maru was the first to haul these creatures up to the surface of the sea . because the fish was a new discovery at the time , it s scientific name honors the seiryo - maru captain , hiromichi kabeya . the shark s scientific name was trigonognathus kabeyai . although not much about these fish are known , scientists classify them in as a dogfish shark . they have only been found in the deep parts of the pacific ocean . how would you react if this shark came up on the other end of your fishing line would you think you were having a nightmare
facebook / red hydrogen one red ' s first ever smartphone , the hydrogen one , boasts of a holographic display . while a specific release date is yet to be announced , red has revealed that its first ever smartphone is slated to arrive this summer . after more than six months of taking pre - orders for its first - ever smartphone , hydrogen one , red has announced earlier this week that it will finally be out this summer as the smartphone is already set to enter mass production . the announcement was made by red ' s cEo and founder , jim jannard , who also revealed the additional new specs for hydrogen one . according to jannard , the 5 . 7 - inch screen of the hydrogen one will boast of two modes : a regular 2 d mode and a 4 - view ( 4 v ) holographic mode , also known as the brand ' s version of 3 d . for jannard , though , the holographic mode is better than a 3 d images even without the accompanying 3 d glasses as proven by those who have already experienced 4 v in person , who , according to the red cEo , reacted with " gasps , swears or just grins . " while the 4 v format of the hydrogen one is new , jannard suggests that it will get support from different social media sites . furthermore , the red cEo also revealed that his company will establish a " hydrogen network , " which will be a platform for the new format . " this will be the one place to find all 4 v content online . from major studios and other content providers to creating your own channel , " jannard said . although it can ' t be denied that its holographic ability is the major selling point of hydrogen one , it is not the only thing it boasts of . apart from a body that is made of either aluminum or titanium , hydrogen one also packs a qualcomm snapdragon 835 x processor and comes with a dual sIm slot , 4 , 500 mah battery , UsB - c port , built - in speakers capable of playing multi - channel spacial audio , stackable modules that connect via pogo pins for power and data , expandable storage via a microsd slot , and a headphone jack . while all its specs and features are nothing short of impressive , hydrogen one can only prove that it is worth its 1 , 200 price tag when it is finally dropped on the market this summer .
we should never forget prisoners in any case , but we ought to be especially public about our reverence and concern for political prisoners , says omali yeshitela .
the following is an investigative report by a long - time member of the black community in little rock who has close knowledge of the history and corruption of arkansas baptist college .
antonio guterres has been on the job for only a year as secretary general of the united nations , but he is wasting no time using his position to try to pressure the trump administration into honoring ( bad - for - america ) deals cut by barack hussein obama . such un - controlled programs were designed to enable a massive new wave of ( legal and illegal ) refugees , asylum seekers , and economic migrants to flood america . leohohmann ( h / t marvin w ) as a matter of background , mr . guterres is former prime minister of portugal and a marxist . he once headed up the socialist international . before he ascended to his current position atop the u . n . , he headed up the united nations refugee agency and played a key role in ushering nearly 2 million muslim migrants into europe under the false premise that they were syrian refugees . as a matter of background , mr . guterres is former prime minister of portugal and a marxist . he once headed up the socialist international . before he ascended to his current position atop the u . n . , he headed up the united nations refugee agency and played a key role in ushering nearly 2 million muslim migrants into europe under the false premise that they were syrian refugees . in fact , the vast majority of those who flooded into europe were neither syrian nor refugees but rather economic migrants from an array of muslim countries including pakistan , afghanistan , iraq , somalia , sudan , albania and libya . guterres is not only a marxist but an apologist for islam . he stated last year that the chief reason for the rise in global terrorism was islamophobic feelings and islamophobic policies in certain western governments a veiled reference to the trump administration . what he s really saying , of course , is that whenever an islamic jihadists stabs , shoots or blows somebody up , it s our own fault because we are not nice enough to the terrorists . guterres chief deputy at the u . n . is amina mohammed , a muslim woman from nigeria , and the two routinely get their marching orders from the organization of islamic cooperation , the largest voting bloc at the u . n . comprising 57 muslim - majority nations . now , the secretary general is back on the stump , trying to break the trump administration s will and force it to implement the u . n plan for global redistribution of wealth through mass migration and so - called sustainable development . remember , trump has pulled the u . s . out of both the u . n . climate pact and the u . n . refugee pact . this leaves the global body in a world of hurt . so guterres recently announced his plan to do a work - around trump by appealing directly to congress for funding of various u . n . programs that involved climate change and the acceptance of more migrants . trump has already significantly reduced the number of refugees entering the us from what it was under obama : he spun a cornucopia of lies in an op - ed last week for the left - wing guardian newspaper . in that article he writes that western governments should do a lot of things to help the migrants . the best way to combat the problems of illegal migration , he says , is to offer more legal pathways from the third world into the wealthy developed nations . earth to the u . n . : the u . s . already allows more than 1 million immigrants to legally enter its borders every year more than any other nation on the planet . he writes : authorities that erect major obstacles to migration or place severe restrictions on migrants work opportunities inflict needless economic self - harm , as they impose barriers to having their labour needs met in an orderly , legal fashion . worse still , they unintentionally encourage illegal migration . aspiring migrants , denied legal pathways to travel , inevitably fall back on irregular methods . this not only puts them in vulnerable positions , but also undermines governments authority . the best way to end the stigma of illegality and abuse around migrants is , in fact , for governments to put in place more legal pathways for migration , removing the incentives for individuals to break the rules , while better meeting the needs of their labour markets for foreign labour . that sounds like extortion to me . migrants storm the gates of wealthier nations and demand a legal pathway or else they will fall back on irregular methods . oh , and once they get here the migrants should be offered all manner of freebies and subsidies , according to the u . n . s 2030 agenda for sustainable development . guterres further states that the remittance checks that migrants send to their families back home are a good thing for the host countries that take them in because these cash transfers serve to stabilize to the third world . as joe otto reminds us in his excellent article for conservative daily , after president trump withdrew from the u . n . s migrant pact , the united nations has decided it will not go down without a fight . they are now trying to force the united states to make good on obama s promises and allow an unlimited number of illegal aliens , migrants , and refugees into the country , otto writes . the trump administration laughed at them , daring them to try . the united states has complete sovereignty over its borders , a white house spokesperson declared , and would not be pushed around by the u . n . globalists . trump is fighting back by pulling more u . s . funding from the u . n . and it only seems to make the u . n . double down on its efforts to shame the u . s . administration into compliance . with budget negotiations going on in congress this week , and a friday deadline approaching , now is the time for americans to demand congress pull all funding for the u . n . those who refuse will be exposed as globalists who do not back trump s america - first agenda . more from otto here : when president trump announced he was withdrawing from the u . n . climate treaty , the bureaucrats at the united nations declared that trump was bound to the promises made by obama . the same goes for the u . n . s arms trade treaty , with the u . n . demanding that trump s state department fulfill the gun control promises that obama gave them . when the white house began cracking down on illegal immigration and announced bans on refugee admissions from terror hotspots , the u . n . began exploiting loopholes to force trump to take in illegals and refugees anyway . just last month , a local politician in chicago actually suggested that un monitors be brought in as peacekeeping forces to impose gun control to bring the carnage to an end . while the request was denied out of hand by mayor rahm emanuel , the seed has already been planted in the american psyche that this option is available . the u . n . human rights council is calling the tax cut bill a violation of americans human rights , because it knows that any cuts in revenue could translate in less money for the u . n . [ the u . s . taxpayer funds 22 percent of the u . n . general budget and 28 percent of its peace - keeping budget ] . the united nations now uses the funds obama gave them to undermine the current president s agenda . so globalists in congress from both parties want to make sure the new budget allows the u . n . to continue its anti - american efforts next year . as otto points out , there are any number of issues that justify defunding the u . n . rep . ann wagner , r - mo . , is demanding the u . n . be defunded over its population control abortion programs . the un has no mandate to endorse , in any way , pro abortion policies and campaigns , she declared , and when they do , the american taxpayer certainly has no duty to pay them . trump ordered an end to u . s . funding of u . n . abortion programs , but the united nations has moved money around to keep their abortion agenda fully funded . sen . ted cruz is still pushing a bill to defund the u . n . over its anti - israel agenda , with wide support across party lines ( including support from senate minority leader chuck schumer ) . there are still other members of congress who are pushing defunding measures over the u . n . s radical anti - gun and climate agendas , which were propped up by obama . whatever the reason for defunding the un , the point is that this needs to happen , and now is the time to make it happen .
first the ground zero mosque . now muslims are demanding that new york city public schools mAKe the mUSLim HOLiDAy Of eid an official holiday which would close all nyc schools for two days . even the notoriously pro - islam mayor of nyc , michael bloomberg , is opposed to this , but not for the reasons we at bni are . [ ]
a violent threat made against the new principal at punchbowl boys high school by two middle eastern men has been described as appalling by the Nsw education boss . robert patruno ( below ) had been threatened in front of teachers by two obviously muslim men who were heard to have said : we re going to get you , we re going [ ]
fyi : in the video below , you will see the superintendent telling the reporter that all religions get equal treatment in that school . what he isn t saying is the chapter on islam in most today s history textbooks ( provided free of charge by qatar and saudi arabia ) contain as many as 36 pages , while all the other religions [ ]
clifton park , ny the largest school district in saratoga county says it will allow muslim students to pray in rooms at its high school . the shenendehowa high school principal says classrooms are being set aside so muslim students can pray several times a day during ramadamadingdong . since then , we ve heard from parents who are against the move . one parent sent us a letter explaining her concerns saying : since prayer for other religions was removed from school years ago , i feel as shen has crossed the line on allowing this on campus . the woman s outcry is in response to an email from the shenendehowa high school principal to students and parents . it addresses the month of ramadan , a time of fasting and prayer for muslims . it says , in part : prayer occurs on a daily basis for practicing muslims . this can be challenging in today s modern public high school . in an attempt to make reasonable accommodations for students and employees to meet their personal religious obligations , room 65 in high school west and room 109 in high school east have been set aside so students can incorporate this important aspect of their religion into their daily activities while at school . the letter explains two classrooms will be set aside for students to meet their religious obligations during school hours . a school spokesperson says the decision was made after the high school principal met with the leader of a local mosque in an attempt to improve the school s cultural proficiency . she says the school can t refuse a student s request to leave class for required prayer , and says the space allows muslim students to return to class quickly after praying . we went to our legal analyst paul derohannesian and asked about the legal implications of prayer in schools . he says the supreme court has ruled on it , and says it doesn t appear the school has broken any laws . ( in other words , they have not been asked to rule on it yet )
a battle river school board member went though a bible with a black marker and crossed out aLL words she finds offensive ( to muslims , though they don t admit to this ) . and yes , a lot of muslim parents send their children to christian schools which they find less progressive than canadian public schools .
back in 1857 the us supreme court , in response to the lawsuit of one dred scott , a slave suing for his freedom , ruled that nobody of african descent had any legal right under the us constitution th
republicans and democrats alike are willing to turn over government coffers to bezos and his ilk and the rights of the people be damned .
this is the doctor katherine sebelius through a party for him and all his staff at tax payer expence while govonor of kansas city . the obama pointe received millions of dollars of donations from . a staff member of george tiller was just honored at the white house i do grieve for his wife and family and his murder was a sinful act of violence . let ' s be clear . what you see below is an abominable act . it is the lowest level of depravity i have ever witnessed . who would ever think in america anyone would orchestrate such warped perverted acts with impunity wichita memorial wichita abortionist george tiller offers a memorial service in his facility after he performs a partial - birth abortion . the mom and the dad in the pictures below paid tiller a few thousand dollars to kill tess , their baby girl . a pro - life sidewalk counselor had failed in her effort to dissuade the mother from entering the abortion mill , but did succeed in giving her address to the mom . afterward , the mother and the pro - lifer corresponded and became friends . in that way , the pro - life community obtained these photos . we at kgoV . com have decided to share with our listeners the mother ' s pain , and the photographic proof of the depravity of abortionists , in hopes of furthering our battle against legalized child killing . little tess , in swaddling clothes , with a beautiful rose , a teddy - bear , and a picture of jesus , all implements to soothe the guilty conscience of the parents who have just killed their unique and precious daughter . the mother ' s confession : we at kgoV . com , bob , doug , and the crew , are very thankful that the mom has repented of her terrible crime . now , we pray that the father repents , and that both ask jesus christ to forgive them for their sins . in the above picture , the little girl ' s daddy is giving her a teddy bear , perhaps for her to play with in george tiller ' s incinerator , which he uses to economically dispose of the bodies . tess ' s mouth and nose are twisted . hillary , hollywood , homosexuals , and humanists support this , called partial - birth abortion . george tiller used a a forceps to pull tess ' s legs through the birth canal , and then delivered her breach , but stopped just before her head came out . he pauses at that point to first kill her , before delivering her all the way . why in a condemnation of america ' s republican u . s . supreme court , he can kill her with impunity while her head is still within the mother , but a few inches further and he exposes himself to the crime of murder . with her head still inside , and tess moving her arms and kicking her legs , tiller pierced the back of her neck with a sharp instrument and then inserted a vacuum to suck our her brains . now dead , he collapses her skull , and only then removes her from the protection of her mother ' s womb . the mom who here cradled her baby ' s corpse paid to have her daughter killed because she had cystic fibrosis . tess now has a sister , born in early 2000 , who also has cf , but the precious little baby sister was spared , and not executed for her crime of being sick . the crime : tess had cystic fibrosis . a leading website , cystic fibrosis foundation , states , " the most common [ cf symptoms ] are : very salty - tasting skin ; persistent coughing , wheezing or pneumonia ; excessive appetite but poor weight gain ; and bulky stools . above , note the wedding ring on mom . many a mom who kills her baby is married and financially well off . of course , a poor , single woman who kills her baby commits no less of a crime than a wealthy one . in the old testament , god condemned the wicked who sacrificed their children , killing them as an offering to the god molech , who promised them happiness , if only the parents would kill their child . with all man ' s progress , not much has changed in 3 , 000 years . please fight to stop the murder of unborn children . please fight to re - criminalize abortion . please use your influence , in some way , to warn your community to stop killing kids . - the staff at kgoV . com
view gallery first , i apologize . i know , after essentially 15 years now , that everyone is sick of the kardashians and the jenners . if you aren t at least mildly annoyed by the kardashian s everlasting presence in the world at this point , then somethings up with you . but , that said , they bring the heat there s no denying it . whether it be through natural science or modern science , the kardashians / jenners are still as hot as ever , starting with kim all the way down to kylie . yes , kylie too , who despite being the subject of pregnancy rumors , appears in the photo shoot , albeit all covered up . according to daily mail , the spring / summer campaign was shot by photographer willy vanderperre . via daily mail : the kardashian and jenner sisters have joined forces for a very sexy underwear campaign for calvin klein . kim kardashian , 37 , steals the show wearing a white bra and briefs from the iconic label , which were huge in the 90 s . but her sisters kourtney , 38 , and kendall jenner , 22 , prove that less can be more , as they posed topless wearing just a pair of briefs and jeans . she covers her bump in every image , which appear to have been taken a few months before khloe , 33 , who is also pregnant had the visible bump which she now proudly sports . while kim welcomed her baby , chicago west , on tuesday via gestational surrogate , khloe is just over six months along . she announced her pregnancy with an instagram snap of herself and her boyfriend tristan thompson while wearing calvin klein s , as a hint of what was to come . the spring / summer campaign represents the latest iteration of the evolution in the caLviN kLEiN brand s globally recognized mycaLviNs call to action : our family . shot by photographer willy vanderperre , the latest chapter of this new campaign features the siblings are featured wearing styles of underwear which are already out in stores .
donald trump has a way of stomping all over any political advantage he has . senators dick durban ( d - il ) and lindsey graham ( r - sc ) went to the president with a bipartisan solution that would have prevented a government shutdown . trump was all thumbs until the men arrived . then , the president put a cherry bomb in the agreement and exploded everything . now , he has done it again . the trump campaign has created a ham - handed ad and inserted it into the center of the shutdown negotiations . his ad claimed that democrats would be complicit in every murder committed by illegal immigrants : president trump is right . build the wall . deport criminals . stop illegal immigration now . democrats who stand in our way will be complicit in every murder committed by illegal immigrants . i will not be lectured about what our military needs by a five - deferment draft dodger . democratic sen . tammy duckworth responds to president trump s tweet that said democrats are responsible for the government shutdown and don t care about the military < URL > pic . twitter . com / mt3ycg2obw cnn ( cnn ) january 21 , 2018 by that logic , trump and his republicans would be complicit in every child s illness and death that occurred as a result of them shutting down the chips ( children in need of protection or services health - care program ) . house speaker paul ryan ( r - wi ) stood on the floor of the house and made an impassioned speech blaming the democrats for the government shutdown . he also appeared on cbs s face the nation . that was when host , john dickerson , showed the speaker trump s ad and asked , according to the daily beast : are democrats complicit apparently , that was the first time ryan had seen the ad , and he danced around dickerson s question , saying that the democrats certainly not helping : well , they re certainly not helping us keep out government open . they re certainly not helping us get to a solution on immigration they re complicit on not getting things done . then , the show s host pushed a little harder on the ad . ryan responded : i just saw that ( ad ) . i don t know if that s necessarily productive . it s no secret that president has strong views on immigration , but what is not productive is a pointless government shutdown that senate democrats have foisted on this country . trump s campaign ad came down hard on democrats going against the president s ever - shifting immigration policies . the democrats and republicans each seem to believe that they have the advantage , leaving the country locked down . monday morning , the shutdown s impact will hit the nation full - force . that is when people will either go to work unpaid or be forced to remain home , should the two parties and trump continue their battle for dominance . democrats have been committed to providing a budget that would allow the military to make long - term plans rather than operate month - to - month , which is not productive . in addition , they demanded funding for the opioid crisis , community health centers , and pensions . they also want the daca ( deferred action for childhood arrivals ) program for the children whose parents were undocumented immigrants and brought them into the u . s . illegally . trump has urged the republicans to change the senate rules . he wants to drop the 60 - vote budget approval and go with the nuclear alternative , a simple majority vote . spokesperson for senate majority leader mitch mcconnell ( r - Ky ) , david popp , told the daily beast : the republican conference opposes changing the rules on legislation . senate minority leader , chuck schumer ( d - ny ) said that negotiating with the president was next to impossible : negotiating with this white house is like negotiating with jell - o it is next to impossible . featured image via getty images / aaron berstein
a police dog that has served for eight years fighting crime walked out of the police station for the final time this week . the service dog , belgian malinois , nicknamed bronx , has served with the bakersfield police department for most of his life . at nine years old , he is ready for retirement and was overjoyed to receive the abundant applause at his retirement ceremony . as bronx excited the police station in bakersfield , california , he was greeted with a round of applause from his human colleagues . bronx was much loved during his years on the force . he helped protect and serve the citizens of bakersfield while also improving the lives and jobs of the other police officers . but no one will miss seeing bronx on the job more than his handler senior officer chris dalton . dalton walked bronx out of the police station for the last time . and he was overwhelmed with emotion because bronx had been with him for years . bronx was trained to serve in the swat team and find narcotics . and he has been a sniffer dog since 2014 . but now that this service dog has officially retired , he will join chris and his family at their home as a regular companion . and bronx is excited about his much more relaxed life with his beloved family . a spokesman for the bakersfield police department said : bronx has served our department with his handler , senior officer chris dalton , for eight years . he is one of the longest - serving k9s our agency has ever had . chris and bronx have been partners since january 2010 , and have served on the swat team since 2014 . bronx has done numerous demos for schools and tour groups at our department , and has been awarded many awards throughout the years for his dedication , skills , and work . thank you for being a loyal k9 all these years , bronx . at the dog s proper send - off , more than two dozen colleagues cheered him on as he ventures into the next chapter of his life retirement . readers of mail online shared their thoughts about this service dog s retirement : love this picture , such a handsome dog . thank you so much for your service , bronx . hope you have a relaxing retirement . i love you , doggy . enjoy your time off . thank you for your service . thanks for putting your life on the line for us . you re so beautiful . i just love you . one person shared his distaste for california cops . you got to love california police officers . they make 200 k - 300 k per year , retiring after 20 years to almost full pay , and they spend their days doing things like this instead of patrolling the street . while this one reader from the united kingdom wanted to spread hate , all others shared positive comments , like the following : great job , chris and bronx , for keeping each other safe during the working years . bronx , now enjoy the backyard and all the family love and attention . go get , boy watch the enjoyable clip below . what s your reaction to this k9 s retirement does he deserve a break from law enforcement
a farmer from pathum thani , thailand woke up to find two of his prized fighting roosters missing . he often entered his fighting cocks into matches around town and earned a lot of money from them . and when he noticed them missing , he felt angry and worried . without them , how would he pay his bills soon enough , the farmer named nut wattana was able to point the finger of blame at a likely offender . this time it was a 15 - foot python that had swallowed the fighting cocks whole . how did wattana know the snake had a bulging belly . before he knew to suspect the python , he thought the roosters had escaped the coop . but then he saw the creature hanging from the roof . this giant snake had a bulging belly and was right where he needed to be to snatch up wattana s champion fighting roosters . while it was probably too late to save the lives of his roosters , the farmer sought out help from rescuers in the area . together they were able to force the snake to regurgitate his fowl . as it was happening , wattana captured the sickening display on video . you can watch the 15 - foot snake pushing the rooster out of its mouth feet first . it is utterly disgusting . the rescuers use a metal rod to force the snake to gag up the prized fighting rooster . when the snake has its mouth open , you can see the deadly fangs protruding . a rooster would not stand a chance against his massive predator . but pythons do not rely on their teeth to kill their prey . they use the fangs to trap their victim , and then they wrap their strong bodies around the victim and squeeze it to death . as the snake starts to push the rooster out of its belly , the fowl s feet protrude out of its mouth . at this point , the snake s body starts to convulse . and the contracting lasts for a few minutes until the entire bird plops out into the dirt . it is layered in slime . wattana found the other fighting rooster nearby . on december 27 , another two of his chickens went missing . this python has been working overtime to harass the farmer s stock . wattana remembers the morning because he did not hear the sound of the roosters crowing like they normally would . i didn t hear the sound of the two cocks in the morning so went to look for them . i saw the python had eaten one of the birds , which cost me altogether about 30 , 000 baht ( 940 ) . i can t save the birds now . they were two of my favorites . thankfully i have a lot more roosters and chickens . i forgive the snake because it was just their natural instinct . although wattana lost about 1000 worth of fighting roosters in the snake attack , he does not hold the killing against the snake . the snake was just trying to survive . but wattana will probably invest in better fencing and other protective measures to prevent this kind of thing from happening again . what is your reaction to this disturbing footage
it was a case of mistaken identity when a mountain lion came upon a fake deer , believing it was real . an idaho hunter caught the moment on video , showing the mountain lion stalking a decoy deer that the hunter had used in hopes of drawing real deer into his view . the mountain line is seen approaching the 3 d archery target with the intent to pounce , before it realizes it s not real . watch as the animal sniffs the plastic deer and decides to take a hard pass because it s not quite the delicious meal he was hoping for . those who commented on Kifi local news 8 s facebook post about the story weighed in on the video , with one person sharing their personal experience , writing : my archery deer target in my yard was destroyed one night by a lion . it even had bite marks on the muzzle trying to suffocate it . one commenter shared a similar incident with a duck decoy and a coyote , writing : i forgot a duck decoy i put on a large cattle pond on our property one winter . it became frozen in the ice and i watched a coyote sneaking around the edge of the pond before jumping it . the expression as she realized it was a decoy ( as well as her stalking away in disgust ) was preserved by my nikon dslR with a 300 mm lens as i shot pictures from the comfort of my nice warm living room . i pulled the decoy when the pond thawed out . it had some impressive teeth marks , but the ice and cold destroyed the body and i threw it away . another commenter joked : that s cute and funny this poor cat thinks this deer is crazy or stupid cause lunch cannot be this easy . among the comments posted to the story on UPi . com , one person noted : i get the use of a decoy but would not use them myself for these two reasons seems a bit unsporting to trick an animal . it can cause a predator to be too wary and unsure on its own hunts after an encounter like this . another person created a pretty funny scenario for the scene , with this colorful explanation :
this video will warm your heart . a group of lineman found a tiny deer while working on electrical lines and saved the baby animal from getting hurt while they cleared the lines . the animal took to one of the men instantly , as he s seen rubbing the adorable baby deer s belly , while the animal stretches his legs out . as if that s not cute enough , the deer is clearly enjoying the attention , because every time the man tries to put him down to release the animal , the deer gets upset , crying out so that he can continue with the belly rubbing . the man explained in the youtube video s description : my buddy and i were clearing a right of way for the electric lines and came across this fawn trapped in the fall path of the tree we were about to trim . he was tangled in some thorns and was pretty shaken up after we cut him loose , so we started rubbing his belly to calm him down which worked a little too well , as you can see . he continued explaining : he followed us around the job site like a lost puppy for about an hour until i noticed a doe watching us from the hillside . assuming this was his mother , i carried him about halfway up the hill while she watched attentively . i sat him down , he ran straight to her , and they walked off together . is your heart melting yet it s amazing that the deer hung out , given the scary situation . as the man rubs the baby deer s belly in the video , another man taking the footage is heard saying : found this baby deer and we re moving it out of the way so it doesn t get smashed by a tree and we started rubbing its belly and now when we go put it down it freaks out until we start rubbing its belly again . the man holding the animal explains : he s spoiled . we have spoiled a baby deer . not surprisingly , people viewing the video were won over , with comments like : okay , this is adorable , a very touching story . bless you guys for being so compassionate , and the most darling part of this video , in my opinion , is the compassion and kindness shown by this guy and his buddy others had some theories , including : legend has it that he s still rubbing the deer s belly to this very day . another person wanted to know more about this kind man , writing : okay for reals , every time i watch this video i fall more and more in love with the guy holding the deer . i need to know him . one commenter compared the animal to a human baby and noted how stories like this are needed sometimes , writing : just like a baby would do . i can t say i blame the baby dear for not wanting to be put down . the guy is pretty cute himself . love that they found the mom . makes a difference when you hear of people saving animals . restores my faith in the human race .
many people thought that donald trump would grow into the job of president of these united states . they believed that he would drop his campaign - style rhetoric and settle into the deep gravity of his job . little did they know , he would do his best to rip the country in two . a new poll found that americans simply do not like the one - year - old president . the washington post - abC news poll discovered that the majority of voters , 58 percent , disapprove of how well trump is doing his job . only 36 percent approved . the poll was completed in the midst of the new spending bill argument among the legislators , which was responsible , in great part , for the government shutdown . the washington post - abC news poll was completed as the president ended his first year on the job . one of his best skills is supposed to be communication . he frequently lists his accomplishments , but the problem may be that he limits his message to his base alone . this comes as a surprise , since the poll found that the same percent , 58 , have a positive view of the country s economy . in the past , a president s likability was always in direct correlation to the economy , which reached the highest percentage in the past 17 years . a full 44 percent selected the word good as their descriptor of the economy . a remarkable 14 percent selected excellent . many attribute the good economy to president barack obama . on the down side , 40 percent s viewed the economy as negative . a full 28 percent of those interviewed believed the economy was not so good , and 12 percent felt that it was poor . the washington post - abC poll was conducted january 15 through 18 with 1 , 005 voters across the nation . the margin of error was 3 . 5 percentage points . featured image via getty images .
donald trump has the unnerving ability to ability to create his own reality and convince millions of americans that what he says it is true . the problem with the president lying is that he then believes his own lies . a new poll shows how that can get the country into deep trouble . the new aBC news / washington post poll came out after the president s physician gave him a physical and mental exam . the doctor gave trump a clean bill of health , added an inch to his height , and claimed he was fit to serve for seven more years . this poll was able to capture americans opinions after a new book came out indicating that people around trump questioned his emotional stability and ability to hold office . in addition , the new poll gave the respondents the time to hear trump tell the public that he was a very stable genius before they were interviewed . he said : actually , throughout my life , my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being , like , really smart . the aBC / washington post poll discovered that 21 percent of the people it interviewed believed that the president was a genius . that left a full 73 percent who saw through that lie . then , there was the question of trump s mental stability . the poll found that there was a nearly even divide throughout the nation . when asked if the president was stable , 47 percent of those interviewed said he was not , but 48 percent believed he is stable . the aBC news / washington post poll was taken from january 15 through 18 , 2018 . the random sample consisted of 1 , 005 adults interviewed by landline and cell phone in both english and spanish . the margin of error was + / - 3 . 5 percentage points . featured image via getty images / drew angerer
israel is expanding its influence and control deeper into opposition - held southern syria , according to multiple sources in the area . after failed attempts to ensure its interests were safeguarded by the major players in the war next door , israel is pushing to implement the second phase of its safe - zone project an attempt to expand a buffer ranging out from the occupied golan heights deeper into the southern syrian provinces of quneitra and daraa . the safe zone expansion marks a move toward deeper israeli involvement in syria s civil war . the intercept learned the outlines of the safe - zone expansion plan through a monthslong investigation relying on information from a variety of sources , including syrian opposition activists on the ground in the south , syrian opposition figures based in jordan , syrian government sources , and an israeli - american ngo directly involved in the safe - zone project . the safe zone appears intended to keep the syrian army and its iranian and lebanese allies as far away from israel s border as possible , as well as solidify israel s control over the occupied golan heights . israel seized the golan from syria in 1967 s six - day war . expanding a buffer zone would likely make any negotiations over the return of the syrian territory more difficult in the future , because the golan heights will be surrounded on both sides by areas with significant israeli influence . over the last two years , israel started building out the first phase of a safe zone in southern syria . the project enabled the israeli army , through humanitarian organizations and military personnel , to gain access to opposition - held areas in return for supplying aid , medical treatment inside israel , and basic goods . according to sources , the second phase , which is currently underway , includes , among other things , the establishment of a 40 - kilometer , israeli - monitored buffer beyond the golan heights , a syrian border police force armed and trained by israel , and greater involvement in civil administration in opposition - controlled areas in two southern provinces . the expansion of the project also involves military aid to a wider array of opposition factions in both quneitra and daraa . the wider buffer zone also sees partnerships being built up with syrian opposition leaders , civil society leaders , ngos , and health officials on the ground to work on joint educational , health , and agricultural projects . israel has launched numerous strikes into syrian territory , often understood to be efforts to keep advanced weapons out of the hands of hostile militants , like those in lebanon s hezbollah . however , the buffer zone and its expansion stand as a deeper and more long - term investment in the syrian war . last summer , i reported on israel s burgeoning support for a rebel faction called the golan knights . subsequently , rebels speaking to the wall street journal confirmed that the cash payments , which israel claimed were purely humanitarian , were used for paying fighters salaries and purchasing weapons and ammunition . contacted for comment about the safe - zone expansion by an intercept journalist in new york , an israeli official , who refused to speak under any other attribution , said , it s a ridiculous and unfounded claim , that israel is creating a buffer zone . israel provides humanitarian aid as part of its values and to help strengthen stability . confronted with previous reporting about israeli support for syrian rebel factions in the vicinity of the golan heights , the official refused to comment . as the war drags on , more syrians inside opposition areas are reluctantly accepting israel s influence and involvement in their communities . the humanitarian situation here is hard , explained abu omar , an opposition activist who lives in the rebel - held town of quneitra and asked to not to have his full name used because of the sensitivity of the subject . abu omar said that initially people in the area were against israeli involvement in the area . though he still opposes israel s presence , he said , others have changed their minds : when israel gives people salaries , medication , food , and water , people start to like them , and honestly today , it is not a small number ; it is a now a large number . they bought people with aid , he said . although not all the residents accept israeli involvement .
results for how many of these reasons have you given your daughter for why her iguana doesn t deserve a funeral you did not give your daughter enough reasons why her pet iguana doesn t deserve a funeral hopefully your daughter comes out of left field and just accepts what you told her , but more likely she ll blame you for not giving it a funeral just like she blamed you for the tragedy of its death . share your results results for how many of these reasons have you given your daughter for why her iguana doesn t deserve a funeral you gave your daughter just enough reasons why her pet iguana doesn t deserve a funeral , but she ll be back with more questions soon you explained things to your daughter enough to keep her anger at bay for the time being , but probably not indefinitely . spend this time thinking of additional reasons that that damned iguana didn t deserve a single burial rite so you re prepared when she comes back with even more vigor . share your results
the recent terror attacks in london have re - energized the debate over the term radical islam , but not among students interviewed , nearly all of whom insisted that it is wrong to employ the phrase . curious to know where college students would come down on the matter , campus reform headed to washington , d . c . to ask students at george washington university a simple question : should we use the phrase radical islam , or is it too offensive quickly , it became clear that students found the phrase abrasive and unnecessary . another student objected that the term radical isn t often assigned to any other religion ; it s only used with islam , but when pressed to name any terrorist attacks committed in the name of other religions , the student conceded that i can t name any off the top of my head , actually .
on the night of october 1 , 64 - year - old stephen paddock opened fire , from the 32 nd floor of las vegas mandalay bay hotel , on an outdoor concert festival , leaving 58 people dead and 546 injured in a terrifying 10 - minute long attack . while questions were raised about the who , what , and why of the deadliest mass shooting in recent american history [ with assange suggesting the fbi was behind the gruesome massacre ] , an explosive documentary titled what happened in vegas has just exposed the police for covering up the details of the shooting because the casino allegedly paid them to . paddock had special privileges at mandalay bay s casino and had access to the service elevator . the documentary alleges the casino called their special back number to police instead of calling 911 when the shooting began in an attempt to keep the incident under wraps . stephen stubbs , an attorney representing some of the victims in the shooting , says : if they would ve called 911 , the 911 operator could have linked the two quicker , and the police would have gotten there quicker . less people would have died , and less people would have been shot if the mandalay bay didn t treat their high rollers differently , and if the lvpd didn t allow casinos to treat high rollers differently . this is the truth that [ sheriff ] joe lombardo doesn t want to come out . it suggests the las vegas police department ( lvpd ) is holding critical information from the public because owners of the mandalay bay hotel has paid them to keep the information a secret as it could lead to tens of millions in lawsuits for allowing paddock to kill so many people . stubbs adds : from what i understand , stephen paddock did this because he wanted to hurt these casinos financially , and this was the best way he knew how . however , because the casino responded the way they did , they became complicit in the death toll . it didn t have to be this bad , if they would have treated him like anyone else . the documentary also proves that there is a huge conflict of interest between the mandalay bay hotel and law reinforcement authorities . for instance , lvpd is run by a sheriff elected with the help of donations from metro - goldwyn - mayer : owner of the mandalay bay hotel . attorneys representing a consortium of news outlets including the los angeles times filed two lawsuits in nevada on wednesday night asking officials to turn over law enforcement records related to the oct . 1 massacre in las vegas that left 58 people dead . now wonder a consortium of news outlets including the los angeles times , the new york times , and the washington post has filed a lawsuit asking the police to release body camera footage , recordings of 9 / 11 calls , dispatch calls , evidence logs and surveillance footage collected from the mandalay bay as evidence .
facebook gets thousands of requests each year from governments around the world , including search warrants , subpoenas , ip address logs , or calls to restrict certain kinds of content . however , facebook recently revealed the u . s . government is making more secret requests for data [ related to facebook , messenger , whatsapp , and instagram ] about more users than ever before . chris sonderby , the company s general counsel , wrote in a blog post : requests for account data increased by 21 globally compared to the second half of 2016 , from 64 , 279 to 78 , 890 . 57 of the data requests we received from law enforcement in the u . s . contained a non - disclosure order that prohibited us from notifying the user , up from 50 in our last report . the yearly transparency report , formally known as the government requests report , shows the u . s . government made 32 , 716 requests for data in the first half of 2017 [ 57 of those requests coming with demands for confidentiality ] , a rise of 26 from the last six months of 2016 . tech crunch reports : the u . s . , india , uK , germany and france were the most active in making data requests , accounting for 41 , 12 , 9 , 7 and 6 of the numbers , respectively . each of those country s government had more than 50 of requests granted , with the u . s . ( 85 ) , uK ( 90 ) and france ( 74 ) notable for higher rates . more than 1 , 800 requests , revealed facebook , were emergency disclosures , granted to law enforcement on a case - by - case basis [ for instance , requests to suspend someone s account ] , and are a subject of controversy . sonderby added : we continue to carefully scrutinize each request we receive for account data whether from an authority in the u . s . , europe or elsewhere to make sure it is legally sufficient . we ll also keep working with partners in industry and civil society to encourage governments around the world to reform surveillance in a way that protects their citizens safety and security . facebook has more than 2 billion users and it continues to strengthen its other platforms as well . the more it grows , the more information it will have of us . the more information it will have of us , the more access the u . s . government will have to our digital lives .
first , on christmas day , his personal twitter account disappeared . 12 hours later it reappeared , but the us navy sent this strange tweet : yes , strange indeed as they normally use a codename for mr . julianassange anonymousscandinavia ( anonscan ) december 25 , 2017 at the time wikileaks sent out a tweet confirming that his physical situation at the embassy remains unaltered , meaning that he was safe physically at least . a week later , as if to compound this unusual activity , he has apparently decided to showcase his musical taste , together with a 60 - character code , in a new year s day tweet : the music video linked in the tweet is called paper planes and it was sung by maya arulpragasam . twitter has since exploded with speculation over the meaning behind his tweet . was paper planes a reference to his freedom is julian on a plane headed to the us im ready for him to let the truth be known deplorable_gemini610 ( onlyme610 ) january 1 , 2018 was it a dead man s switch is that a . dead man s switch maga shinobi ( brandonhathaw12 ) january 1 , 2018 or did it simply single the release of another wikileaks drop it signals another wikileaks drop is imminent . name redacted ( nameredacted5 ) january 1 , 2018 the song itself is notable in that it contains lyrics like if you catch me at the border i got visas in my name , pirate skulls and bones and i ve got more records than the kgb , so , uh , no funny business . this is not the first time assange and wikileaks have tweeted cryptic encryption hashes though . there s this one from october : 4767 5774 6 a7a 4 d6c 6330 666 b 314 a 3453 0000 0907 84 b4 f787 7616 86 f7 a737 5707 5736 julian assange ( julianassange ) october 15 , 2017 and a series of pre - commitments from 2016 , a cryptographic technique to prevent unreleased information from being manipulated : pre - commitment 1 : john kerry 4 bb96075acadc3d80b5ac872874c3037a386f4f595fe99e687439aabd0219809 wikileaks ( wikileaks ) october 16 , 2016 and another in august of that year . each tweet had unleashed a similar torrent of speculation .
researchers at cybersecurity firm trend micro have warned that hackers are using facebook messenger to infect computers with digmine , a virus that turns victims computers into a cryptocurrency miner without their knowledge . the malware was first discovered in south korea and since its discovery , it has paved its way into thailand , vietnam , venezuela , azerbaijan , philippines , and ukraine . if people aren t cautious , digmine could soon reach other countries . what is digmine digimine only works when it is spread via the desktop version of the app on google chrome . if the app is accessed on any another platform , such as a mobile phone , digmine won t function . but trend micro warns it can still be considered very dangerous as it can let hackers take over users facebook accounts and slow their computer down . trend mirco explains : digmine is coded in autoit , and sent to would - be victims posing as a video file but is actually an autoit executable script . if the user s facebook account is set to log in automatically , digmine will manipulate facebook messenger in order to send a link to the file to the account s friends . the abuse of facebook is limited to propagation for now , but it wouldn t be implausible for attackers to hijack the facebook account itself down the line . this functionality s code is pushed from the command - and - control ( c c ) server , which means it can be updated . the infection once installed on the victim s computer , the digmine script file downloads more components from the control server . it saves the downloaded components in the appdata < username > directory . once rooted in the system , digmine will edit the registry , giving itself the auto - start access , and download a malicious extension on chrome . the malicious browser extension is responsible for propagation via interaction with chrome , and by extension , facebook messenger . after trend micro revealed its findings , facebook claims to have taken down any links connected to digmine : we maintain a number of automated systems to help stop harmful links and files from appearing on facebook and in messenger . if we suspect your computer is infected with malware , we will provide you with a free anti - virus scan from our trusted partners . how to protect yourself in order to keep yourself protected from digmine , follow the best safety practices recommended by security experts . for instance , always log out of your accounts , even if it is your personal computer . use passwords that have a combination of letter , numbers and symbols . make sure these passwords are not dictionary words . also , use two - factor authentication . meanwhile , install a link scanning extension on your browser that will warn you of a malicious link .
high - level employees of tech giants amazon and google have been busted in a major sex trafficking sting in seattle . according to the investigators , several amazon and google directors used their corporate accounts to send emails to local brothels and pimps looking to purchase services from sex workers trafficked from asia . many of the sex workers , including minors , couldn t speak much english and relied on translation apps such as girlfriend experiences and nuru ( nude massage ) to offer their services to customers . many of the women were working their way out of debt bondage , and feared for their lives . newsweek reports : emails obtained by newsweek reveal another sordid corner of the tech sector s treatment of women : a horny nest of prostitution hobbyists at tech giants microsoft , amazon and other firms in seattle s high tech alley . many of the emails were intercepted by investigators in 2015 during a special cyber operation targeting online chat rooms and message boards in which customers rate sex workers and soliciting for sex . the operation resulted in 18 arrests , including senior directors of amazon and google two of which are scheduled for trial in march . reacting to the arrests , amazon told newsweek it is investigating the matter , saying : it is against amazon s policy for any employee or contingent worker to engage in any sex buying activities of any kind in amazon s workplace or in any work - related setting outside of the workplace , such as during business trips , business meetings or business - related social events . prostitution is on the rise in seattle than any other city in the u . s . a study funded by the department of justice found that seattle has the fastest - growing sex industry , more than doubling in size between 2005 and 2012 . the boom in sex industry is in tandem with the boom in tech industry . it also correlates to the surge in high - paying jobs : some of these men spent 30 , 000 to 50 , 000 a year . further , the tech industry has employed a significant number of men who pay for sex with trafficked women . it has also enabled traffickers to more easily reach customers and to hide their business from law enforcement officials by taking it off the streets and into computers and ultimately , hotel rooms , motels or apartments . according to a 2014 study , in a 24 - hour - period in seattle , an estimated 6 , 487 people solicited sex on just one of the more than 100 websites that connect sex buyers with sellers .
as naacp leaders gather for the annual convention in baltimore , several prominent black pastors and pro - lifers hope to convict civil rights advocates on the tragedy of abortion . the national association for the advancement of colored people supports abortion , despite it being the largest destroyer of black lives in america . the civil rights group even opposed a bill to ban abortions based on the unborn baby s race . several years ago , the naacp also sued lifenews and black pro - life advocate ryan bomberger after they exposed the organization s pro - abortion stance . this week , the rev . clenard childress jr . , a leading pro - life advocate in the black community , hopes to reach out to leaders at the naacp convention and share the truth about abortion , according to one news now . of particular concern to childress is a statement by pastor william barber , president of the naacp chapter in north carolina . we re very frustrated with the words of rev . barber and his reference to the clergy praying for donald trump [ and ] insinuating that this administration is preying upon black people , but it s just the opposite , childress told the news outlet . the naacp and rev . barber support abortion , which is causing black genocide . alveda king , another black pro - life advocate and the niece of dr . martin luther king jr . , made a similar statement earlier this month . [ president trump ] is certainly fighting for civil rights today leading the charge for civil rights today for the little unborn persons in the womb who have a right to live , king told fox friends . support pro - life news please help lifenews . com with a donation king and childress both pointed to statistics showing that black babies are targeted for abortions more than babies of other races . he said nearly 1 , 800 unborn black babies are aborted every day , and the majority of abortion clinics are located in minority neighborhoods in the u . s . research by protecting black life found that 79 percent of planned parenthood surgical abortion facilities are located within walking distance of black and latino neighborhoods . it s time for clergy to own up to the responsibility of shepherding their sheep and leading them away from the slaughter , not to the slaughter , childress said . childress is the assistant to the national director of the life education and resource network ( l . e . a . r . n . ) , the largest african american pro - life group in the united states . he said they have had success reaching out to black pastors about abortion , and a growing number are waking up to the truth about the violence against unborn black lives . abortions hurt every race and culture , but black americans have a disproportionately high number of abortions compared to other racial groups . according to census data , african americans make up about 13 percent of the u . s . population but have about 30 percent of the abortions . african - american teenage abortion rates are more than twice as high as the national average . the african american abortion rate is 41 per 1 , 000 women ages 15 to 19 , according to the study conducted by the guttmacher institute . the national average abortion rate is 18 per 1 , 000 women ages 15 to 19 .
as one of justin trudeau s first pet syrian refugees , soleiman hajj soleiman , a father of six , is currently facing trial for 12 charges six counts of sexual assault and another six counts of sexual interference against six minor girls all under the age of 16 .
donald trump has responded to the announcement that the new zealand prime minister is expecting to give birth to a baby in june by boasting that he is more pregnant than jacinda ardern . and my pregnancy is twice as big and four times as fast , he said . trump made the startling claims after it was claimed that ardern is the first leader of a country to fall pregnant while in power . actually , he told reporters , i was pregnant way before her . i ve been pregnant for months . democrats were at first skeptical of trump s claims , but decided not to question the announcement in the hope that trump decides to take some time off to care for the baby . he should take as much paternity leave as he wants , said prominent democrat senator dick durbin . the chaser annual 2017 is out now buy it online at chasershop . com or even better subscribe to the chaser quarterly .
now that jacinda ardern has publicly announced she s having a baby , we thought we d put together this guide to help people who are in the process of having a baby to reconsider , and perhaps do absolutely anything other than have a baby . starting a family can be one of the most satisfying things you ll do in your meaningless life . however , usually it s not . if you re thinking of having a baby , consider the following words of advice from new parents that we talked to while researching this article : don t do it mother , 34 , of a one year old boy . why the fuck would you put yourself through that mother , 28 , of three boys hold on , i ll go and get my three year old . you can have her . honestly . just take her away . father , 36 , of two toddlers mistake one : find a partner willing to procreate with you this step is crucial . there are many excellent guides that can provide detailed information on making yourself attractive to the opposite sex , so we won t go into this step in any great detail here , but it will probably involve a complete overhaul of your personality , and lying a great deal , both to your prospective partner and to yourself . this is one of the many , many , many sacrifices that you have to be prepared to make along the way . but remember keep your eye on the prize : a screaming , shitting , vomiting clump of nerves that depends on you 24 hours a day for its very survival , and who is protected by a fiercely enforced set of laws that make it a crime to abandon it , even for a single night out at the pub , eVen if you get home before 11 pm . but back to finding a partner . after you ve convinced someone to talk to you , you then have to convince them to settle for you for the rather than all the more attractive people that they ve been out with previously . even the ones that they ditched , and who they might be able to stitch things up with . the best way to do this is to continually undermine their self - esteem with phrases that seem to be supportive but are actually deeply insulting . such phrases include : i like older partners : you re much more mature than everyone else i ve been out with , don t worry , everyone s metabolism slows down as they get older and i saw your ex - partner yesterday : gee the woman he was with was young . if none of these work there is one phrase that will make every woman immediately go out with the nearest man : your biological clock is ticking . if your prospective partner is a man and the above phrases do not work , simply hold out the possibility that you might be amenable to an open relationship down the track without being too specific , so that you can deny it when it s all too late . with repeated application of seemingly well intentioned , but esteem - damaging phrases , over time you should be able to convince the person who initially went home with you simply because they got drunk one night , to settle for you , and over time they will come to suppress all desire for a better life . which is a crucial state of mind to be in before you embark on having a baby . mistake two : decide to have a baby while the chaser guide to having a baby would never condone lying about contraception in the relationship , it has over many generations , proved to be by far the most effective , efficient way to achieve the goal of bringing into this world a creature that , for the first twenty years of their life , will , with an efficiency that makes bernie maddoff look like an amateur , drain you of all the money that previously made your miserable work - life at least bearable , and then proceed to ignore you throughout their twenties , until they make the same mistake as you and need you to look after their screaming , shitting , vomiting clump of nerves . lying about the extent to which you have remembered to have the pill in the last few days saves the grinding process of sitting down and working through the issues involved in deciding to have a baby . if however , you decide to have that conversation it is important to go into the conversation with some basic ground rules . for a start , make unrealistic assumptions about how easy it will all be . for men , this involves assuming that , while hard , it will be possible to be productive at work on 45 minutes sleep per month . for women , you should briefly embrace the idea that being a stay at home mum will be a great change of pace , and delude yourself that it won t permanently undermine your status at work , and then comfort yourself that all your friends have ruined their careers with similar moves . while working through these issues it is important for men to agree to a token amount of commitment to become the primary caregiver as soon as the baby stops breastfeeding . note that at this stage , if you re a man , you should make as many promises as you like , even if you don t intend to follow through on any of them . once you have a child , both sides will realise just how naive they were being , and all commitments will be jettisoned and replaced with tired , incoherent arguments that don t go anywhere and end with a mutual reassurance that both sides love each other despite everything . do not bother discussing the inevitable impact that having a pineapple - sized human being ripped through the woman s vagina will have on your sex life . that is the least of your concerns . unless you are lucky enough to have a child who for some reason spends most of the first year of its life in an humidicrib at the hospital , the concept of having romantic time with just the two of you will be become as foreign to you as it was when you were single . except that when you were single , you at least got to sleep in . note that once this happens , comfort yourself by saying to close child - less friends who inquire about this sort of thing because they haven t yet been duped into making the same mistake as you , that although there has been some impact on your sex life that it has brought you together in so many other , more meaningful ways ( cue : holding each other s hand , smiling briefly and then having a muted argument about who s turn it is to change the nappy ) . once you have decided to have the baby , it is a simple matter of conceiving which can take anywhere between thirty seconds and thirty years . while some people claim that it is important not to get too stressed if you don t conceive in the first few months , keep in mind that it is possible that one , or even both of you , are infertile , and that nature is trying to intervene to prevent you from making the biggest mistake of your life . note , however , that if this is the case , the urge to defeat nature can become so overwhelming that people will volunteer to adopt one of these screaming , shitting , vomiting clumps of nerves , and thus are , for the rest of us , the one remaining get out of jail free card , and should , under no circumstances , be encouraged to listen to nature . mistake three : have the baby there are few things in life more simultaneously horrifyingly traumatic and joyous as labour . there are many , many , many guides to childbirth , all of which you will buy during the pregnancy , so we will not go into it in any great depth here , except to say that it is extremely important for the man to recognise that for the first time in their lives , there is absolutely no way for them to make themselves the centre of attention , no matter how stoic and reassuring they try to be . just to repeat , the men are , to the surprise of many of them , not the main part of this process . that s right . it s not about them . not even a little bit . and there is very little they can do to change that . this is why it is important , after the birth of their first child , for men to quickly re - enter the workforce and recommit themselves with renewed enthusiasm to maintaining and strengthening the patriarchy . that way they can assure themselves that they do matter in some way , even though they are completely secondary in the one crucial activity that reproduces the entire human race . there are many ways to strengthen the patriarchy , but participating in an all - male comedy group and then writing a guide where the entire step about childbirth is about the man , is a good start . mistake four : look after the baby if you ve made it to step four then you already realise what a terrible , irreversible mistake you ve made . for this step , you will need to be comfortable with stripping your life of all pleasures , replacing your old friends with a series of insipid , shallow relationships formed with irritating people you meet through your mother s groups and eliminating any spontaneity you previously enjoyed . it is important for your own sanity to set yourself achievable goals each day . planning is the key . say you would like to read the newspaper on your own over a cup of coffee . all you need to do is to plan , and within six to nine months , you ll have the half hour off that you require to complete this task . reading the newspaper is a big ask , and so perhaps in the first five years of a child s life it would be best to set a more achievable goal , such as having half an hour of guaranteed , uninterrupted sleep . again , planning is the key . first of all apply for an insulation grant from the federal government s insulation rebate scheme . second , change the baby s nappy . third , buy insulation batts from an approved vendor . next , change the baby s nappy again . then , install the insulation batts around the walls of your baby s room . you will need to pause occasionally to change the baby s nappy . next , pick up your baby and hand them to your partner . then , walk into the baby s newly insulated room , close the door , and then shout out as loud as you like why on god s earth did i do this what the fucK am i doing with your life and then curl yourself into a ball on the floor , and sob yourself to sleep until your partner wakes you half an hour later because the baby s nappy needs changing and all the stuff to do it is in the baby s room . hey presto , congratulations , you have achieved your goal of half an hour of uninterrupted sleep . conclusion having a baby is a big decision . ultimately , it s up to you to work out how to manage it , but if there is one piece of advice that every new parent agrees on it is this : don t do it . bacK out now , while you still can . this article is the first installment in a series . stay tuned for next year s chaser annual special guide to parenthood entitled the chaser guide to extracting yourself from parenthood or denying their yours : how one couple got a proper night s sleep with one life - changing phone call the chaser ' s guide to bad parenting ( 12 . 95 ) is available now . buy it online at chasershop . com or even better subscribe to the chaser quarterly .
local baby boomer and self - taught property investor barry the landlord roberts has today told his five disinterested children that they should avoid putting their money into bitcoin , warning them that the crypto currency shows clears signs of a bubble . these people buying up all these bitcoins are idiots , insisted barry , anyone with eyes can see that with prices escalating so fast that it must be in a bubble . no , if you re smart and savy investors , you kids should all invest your life savings into sydney property like i did . unlike bitcoin , continued barry which has obviously been gaining value so rapidly that it s simply unsustainable in the long term , property is something which people have endless reserves of cash to pay for , which is what makes it a great investment . and what s more , if you don t have the money , any bank worth it s salt would be happy to lend all you young whipper snappers a few million dollars to help you get up on that ladder . then all you have to do is spend the next fifty years paying off the interest and avoiding coffee or avocados , safe in the knowledge that housing prices never , ever go down . i mean sure , house prices might have crashed in the past in ireland , america , japan , shanghai , the uK , denmark , poland , spain , lebanon , india , bulgaria , romania , thailand , germany , portugal , luxembourg , italy , turkey and new zealand . but it could never happen here . the chaser annual 2017 is out now buy it online at chasershop . com or even better subscribe to the chaser quarterly .
cronulla beach , cronulla everyone knows sydney s beaches are something else , but cronulla beach is known for something else . aussies like to pride themselves on their welcoming nature and spirit of egalitarianism and equality . some locals in cronulla , however , have a slightly different type of pride . so what could be more appropriate on australia day than to experience the white sands of cronulla beach beneath your feet many say the sand here is whiter than anywhere else in sydney . there s plenty to do visitors say it s the most exciting place in australia , and it has been known to be a genuine riot . located in sydney s southern suburbs , cronulla lies on the kurnell peninsula the site where captain james cook first came ashore in 1770 . but a word of warning : just like then , local residents nowadays aren t that thrilled with boat people , and would prefer them to turn around and go back to where they came from . there are plenty of jaunty colloquialisms you re sure to experience , especially if your skin isn t quite as white as the sand . for example , down on the beach , you can stand on the very spot that one of the friendly local lifesavers said to one non - local of middle eastern appearance in 2005 , i come down here out of my own spare time to save you cunts from drowning . after you ve soaked up cronulla s history , why not head into the big end of town and to the offices of 2 Gb , to see the spot that alan jones spoke the immortal words of peace and harmony that helped make cronulla the historically - rich place is today : what kind of grubs well i ll tell you what kind of grubs this lot were . this lot were middle eastern grubs . the chaser annual 2017 is out now buy it online at chasershop . com or even better subscribe to the chaser quarterly .
new south wales transport minister andrew constance has this afternoon announced that negotiations with the rail union have collapsed , all but assuring disruptions to sydney travellers over the coming days , throwing the city s business world into chaos and causing widespread public outrage . stating that his hands were tied , minister constance said that there was simply just no room in the budget to pay train drivers more than they already make before driving off in his expenses paid chauffeured government car . i m afraid the people of new south wales are just going to have to swallow a few days of not being able to get to or from work , continued the transport minister , before asking his driver to take the scenic route back to the office . it s a burden we re all just going to have to bear , us public transport users . the chaser annual 2017 is out now buy it online at chasershop . com or even better subscribe to the chaser quarterly .
local dimwit and part time instagram model dan danthony parker has today made a concerted effort to show his support for the change the date movement by only referring to the day as invasion day , in support of his aboriginal friends . i just want to wish everyone , aboriginal or white , a very merry invasion day . said danthony on facebook this morning , somehow managing to offend even those who don t have an opinion on the debate . today is all about respecting the people who we inherited this land off , parker told reporters this morning at his local australia day festivities . every time i take a bite of a bacon and egg sandwich , or chuck a thong in a throwing contest , i ll be thinking about those aboriginal people who were probably doing the same thing on this very spot billions of years ago . however , mr parker admitted that while he wanted to show support for aboriginal people , he still feels that it is important to appreciate the culture of modern australia . we can t live our lives entirely hung up on the past , sometimes we ve got to move on and appreciate the good things that are happening now without a cloud of shame hanging over us . that s why i won t be tuning in to triple m s ozzest 100 , featuring an eclectic array of thirty year old pub rock hits from daddy cool , to angry anderson , to skyhooks . sometimes it s best to just pretend such travesties never happened . the chaser annual 2017 is out now buy it online at chasershop . com or even better subscribe to the chaser quarterly .
surprising no one , president trump has put his mental shortcomings on display once more . his advisors and administrative staff definitely have a rough road ahead . after two years of blustery promises , donald trump has begun to walk back his pledge to build the biggest , tallest , hugest , most beautiful border wall along the u . s . southern boarder with mexico . if you need a quick reminder , here s a quick rundown of trump s wall strategy : he s described his ideal border as as : a wall , a great wall , a big and beautiful wall , a serious wall , a real wall , an impenetrable wall , a physical wall , a tall wall , a powerful wall , and a beautiful wall . according to a recent cnn interview with white house spokesperson kellyanne conway , it took meeting with experts to convince trump that topographical issues exist along the border . via new york daily news : the president discovered that part of it will be the physical wall , part of it is better technology , part of it is also fencing . there are rivers involved , i m told , mountains , terrain that isn t conducive to building an actual physical structure in some places . it s almost as if there is reason for nuance when considering border security . the arguments against building a giant wall are well documented . and this opposition isn t solely composed of unnecessarily combative democrats . in this axios report from august of 2017 , high - ranking republican senator john mccain issued a blistering take - down of the wall solution : i m not against a border wall , ok , but go to china and you ll see a border wall there . we need technology , we need drones , we need surveillance capabilities and we need rapid - reaction capabilities but to think that a wall is going to stop illegal immigration or drugs is crazy . of course the wall isn t a silver bullet straight to the heart of every problem connected to u . s . immigration policy . but that s just not how trump works . there seems to be little to no impulse within trump that guides him to meticulously research and then form opinions based upon hard facts . partly , this may stem from trump s know - it - all attitude , which is frequently on display . after all , he is the smartest . sorry losers and haters , but my i . q . is one of the highest - and you all know it please don ' t feel so stupid or insecure , it ' s not your fault donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) may 9 , 2013 trump seems to truly believe that he is the ultimate resource . he is also ( supposedly ) the only one that has the knowledge we need , the only one that can fix our nation s problems . he s the key to solving issues like : our nation s crumbling infrastructure . the only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me roads , airports , bridges . i know how to build , pols only know how to talk donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) may 13 , 2015 centuries of deeply - seated religious conflict in the middle east . nobody but donald trump will save israel . you are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns . best sheldonadelson donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) april 27 , 2015 sectarian violence in iraq , exploding into europe . just announced that as many as 5000 isis fighters have infiltrated europe . also , many in u . s . i toLd you so i alone can fix this problem donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) march 24 , 2016 the exodus of manufacturing jobs . i will bring our jobs back to the u . s . , and keep our companies from leaving . nobody else can do it . our economy will " sing " again . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) march 15 , 2016 stabilizing the most complicated healthcare system on the planet . we will immediately repeal and replace obamacare and nobody can do that like me . we will save ' s and have much better healthcare donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) february 9 , 2016 it s crystal clear that donald trump has spent his political energy spouting simplistic solutions with little detail . that s all well and good for a campaign , but let s see how that s working out for him as he is forced to face facts . what else has trump learned , despite being a self - described genius since at least 2013 nato was obsolete for approximately 357 days before becoming not obsolete : attacking syria was a terrible idea : again , to our very fooLish Leader , do not attack syria if you do many very bad things wiLL happen from that fight the u . s . gets nothing donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) september 5 , 2013 but only for around three years . china was a currency manipulator : but only for about 172 days , according to the bbc . trump s lack of innate curiosity , combined with his assertions that he already knows everything , creates a potent product : a perfect storm of cluelessness . which then results in his being forced to step back poorly - constructed policies , leaving us no closer to meaningfully solving any issues . his discovering that the southern border has challenging terrain is funny , but let s not forget what s at stake here : " why can t we use nuclear weapons " donald trump , president of the united states ( and very stable genius ) , asking a foreign policy adviser 3 times during a meeting why the u . s . couldn t use its nuclear weapons stockpile . stablegenius unstablenitwit trump fireandfury tara mitrovka ( taraehm ) january 7 , 2018 featured image via getty / spencer platt .
trump can t make a deal to save his life . and now his pattern of failure in the real estate market is materializing in the white house . his unhinged tweet today regarding the deferred action for childhood arrivals ( daca ) deal is a classic example of his deal - making ineptitude . i don t believe the democrats really want to see a deal on daca . they are all talk and no action . this is the time but , day by day , they are blowing the one great opportunity they have . too bad donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 13 , 2018 we know that his characterization of the democrats stance is blatantly false . if democrats were unwilling to compromise for a deal on daca , then why did they already do that in september of 2017 this issue is deeper than daca . even though trump authored a tome called the art of the deal , it seems that trump cannot follow his own advice . his popularity ( and candidacy ) was built on his reputation as a deal maker . we need a dealmaker in the white house , who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals . timetogettough . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) december 13 , 2011 so let s look at how badly trump is at actually executing his very own advice . these are the eleven points from the art of the deal . 1 : think big that would require thinking . donald trump seems incapable of intellectual curiosity . we ve seen this displayed particularly in his simplistic border wall plan , as trump was surprised that border security is a complex issue , fraught with complications like , you know , topography . ( he s recently learned about mountains ) one may argue that the wall itself is thinking big , but that s a quite simplistic understanding of his position . trump s great wall idea simply rehashes what already exists . a physical barrier as the solution to immigration woes has been in existence since 1994 . here s trump s sole answer to immigration policy : 2 : protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself there is absolutely no evidence that donald trump anticipates any downside , whatsoever . this would conflict with his deeply entrenched belief that he will get what he wants . this narcissistic attitude is directly opposed to the ability to meaningfully compromise . case in point : when i want something , i get it . 3 : maximize the options despite his advice , i never get too attached to one deal or one approach , it s absolutely clear that donald trump is unwilling to accept any options that the democrats bring to the table . in fact , he refused to incorporate any of the democrats suggestions , merely restating his initial terms . from vox : in december , the senate s bipartisan working group asked white house chief of staff john kelly to tell them what the administration would need in a daca deal for the president to sign it . [ in january ] they ostensibly got their reply : the white house sent the exact same document it had released in october 4 : know your market it s obvious that trump is out of his depth when it comes to understanding the nuances of immigration policy . here s a example of his demonstrating vast knowledge of daca : trump , word for word : " i think a clean daca bill , to me , is a daca bill , but we take care of the 800 , 000 people but i think , to me , a clean bill is a bill of daca , we take care of them , and we also take care of security . " ryan struyk ( ryanstruyk ) january 9 , 2018 5 : use your leverage despite republican control of the executive branch , as well as both congressional houses , trump cannot facilitate a deal within his own party . from the l . a . times : even as the minority in congress , democrats have leverage in negotiations because house speaker paul d . ryan often has been unable to rally his republican majority to approve spending bills over the objections of his party s most conservative deficit hawks . trump s inability to pull together the existing majority is stunning . and , as always , there s a trump tweet from 2012 , discussing this very issue : watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful republicans are in a much stronger position than they think . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) december 26 , 2012 6 : enhance your location although this seems to apply only to real estate , business insider extrapolates this point to relate to a general principle of negotiation : rather than overpay for something that is already established , you should consider cheaper alternatives that have the potential to be molded to your taste . despite several existing daca solutions , trump is insistent on constantly changing his immigration plan to incorporate whatever the last person who talked to him . during the january 9 th bi - partisan daca negotiation , trump would simply parrot the point of the previous speaker , ( via vox . com ) : the president had seemingly forgotten everything the republican party had established in the negotiations thus far . mr . president , you need to be clear though . i think what senator feinstein s asking here when we talk about just daca , we don t want to be back here two years later , mccarthy said . you have to have security , as the secretary would tell you . i think that s what she s saying , trump retorted . republicans in the room erupted in a chorus of no no no displaying an unclear understanding of his options , and his obsession with following his latest whims , despite the existence of proposed solutions that need to be debated and considered . 7 : get the word out despite not having a cohesive immigration policy , he definitely does communicate his various ( and conflicting ) opinions . too bad that his most recent tweets regarding daca have blatant untruths : the democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the southern border , risking thousands of lives in the process . it is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all americans . we must build a great wall , think merit and end lottery chain . usa donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 12 , 2018 even congressional republicans have made public statements , decrying trump s fear mongering lies . see this tweet from republican senator jeff flake : i ve served with the democrats for 17 years , and not one has ever been intent on having people and drugs pour into our country . < URL > jeff flake ( jeffflake ) january 12 , 2018 8 : fight back one might assume that fight back means that donald will fight for what he believes in . that would actually be admirable advice . but upon further examination , trump s criteria for fighting back is much more sinister . from art of the deal : when people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me , my general attitude , all my life , has been to fight back very hard . notice the distinction there his drive for justice is only triggered by someone treating him badly . what has motivated trump s most scathing attacks any personal criticism . that is what makes trump fight back , with personal insults instead engaging the substance of any criticism . mika brzinski was critical , so he attacked her appearance . : to mar - a - lago 3 nights in a row around new year ' s eve , and insisted on joining me . she was bleeding badly from a face - lift . i said no donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) june 29 , 2017 senator kirsten gillibrand had the audacity to question trump , so he resorted to insinuating that she offered sexual favors for his campaign contributions : lightweight senator kirsten gillibrand , a total flunky for chuck schumer and someone who would come to my office begging for campaign contributions not so long ago ( and would do anything for them ) , is now in the ring fighting against trump . very disloyal to bill crooked - used donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) december 12 , 2017 here s a running list of the ( as of now ) 424 people , places , and things that trump has insulted on twitter , via the new york times . 9 : deliver the goods here s a quick reminder on things that trump promised to fix or solve quickly while in office : we will immediately repeal and replace obamacare and nobody can do that like me . we will save ' s and have much better healthcare donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) february 9 , 2016 if elected , i will undo all of obama s executive orders . i will deliver . let s make america great again < URL > donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) may 4 , 2015 i will bring our jobs back to america , fix our military and take care of our vets , end common core and obamacare , protect 2 nd a , build wall donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) march 15 , 2016 thank you to the lgbt community i will fight for you while hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) june 14 , 2016 so many in the african - american community are doing so badly , poverty and crime way up , employment and jobs way down : i will fix it , promise donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) august 25 , 2016 i will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government draintheswamp pic . twitter . com / g5nrurzhtt donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) october 19 , 2016 i will defeat isis . they have been around too long what has our leadership been doing draintheswamp pic . twitter . com / tu0iw3gi9v donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) october 20 , 2016 it s clear ; trump just can t deliver . 10 : contain the costs despite belonging to the party of fiscal conservatism , trump will not rest until the u . s . spends 21 . 6 billion dollars on a vanity project with little chance of actually curbing immigration issues . so much for following this advice from the art of the deal : i believe in spending what you have to . but i also believe in not spending more than you should . 11 : have fun we ll give this one to trump . he really seems like he s having fun . according to trumpgolfcount . com , he s played around 90 golf rounds since becoming president . featured image : getty / jim watson
get creative in the kitchen with these delicious rice balls perfect for blue cheese lovers . prepare dishes for breading process , one beaten egg , flour and another with the latter with breading . we form small balls about the size of a golf ball with the rice . in the center we put a cube of blue cheese . we went through a basic process of breading , flour , egg and breaded breading and once we fry a pot with oil preheated to 375 degrees for 3 minutes . withdraw and leave aside . for the sauce mix dijon mustard with honey and serve to spread the rice balls . ingredients : 2 cups rice 2 eggs 1 cup flour 1 cup dried bread crumbs 4 cups of oil for frying 4 ounces blue cheese
all of those discouraged by the onslaught of fake news should take comfort in knowing that jesus doesn t read social media . he reads your heart
los angeles a miramonte elementary school teacher convicted of inappropriately touching young female students was sentenced to prison today . at tuesday s court appearance , joseph alfred baldenebro , 55 , of montebello pleaded no contest to five counts : one felony count of lewd act upon a child and four misdemeanor counts of child molesting . following the plea , los angeles county superior court judge jack p . hunt sentenced the defendant to eight years in state prison . additionally , he ordered baldenebro to register as a lifetime sex offender . deputy district attorney babette huley of the victim impact program , who prosecuted the case , said baldenebro engaged in improper touching with five female students on school grounds between august 2015 and may 2017 . the reported victims were in 4 th and 5 th grade at the time of the crimes , the prosecutor added .
for the last three years i ve taken a week in january to write . friends from my preacher camp have been part of this retreat , and as i type these words i m again looking out a beautiful bay window of a little farm house that rests peacefully on the bank of the choptank river , an hour east of d . c . the wood stove behind me creaks softly as the warming metal pings and rings from a new load of split oak . jenny , a beautiful and energetic golden retriever occasionally stirs the air as she rises to stretch or to nudge me in playful invitation . john is sitting by the fire ruffling through some pages of his current creativity . otherwise the air is quiet . the world is at peace . or not . but it s an illusion i need to enjoy for a few short days . it s not a feeling i ve been able to muster through the last fortnight . the chaos constantly emanating from the white house sent a new series of disturbing ripples through the air two weeks ago , and they instantly expanded around the globe in enveloping , concentric circles of disbelief and anger and fear . since that disturbing oval office pronouncement there have been thousands of opinions written across the political spectrum , endless hours dedicated to punditocracy in the marketplace , countless words of pulpiteering offered by the church . and i ve been afraid to speak . this national moment may be an all - time low during my adulthood . yes , there have been egregious presidential sins in my lifetime ( red and blue ) , lies and fraud and corruption and abuse , but none of those individual failures has so captivated the entire nation in a descending vortex of disrespect and division and dissonance . and given the dysfunction of the cultural moment , none has had any more potential to become part of our moral or spiritual undoing . and i ve been afraid to speak . some say the whole issue is overblown , but civility and decency are too important to the soul of a nation for people with any respect for their government or for their own honor to ever take this kind of behavior lightly . some say he didn t say it , but we ve all heard so much that sounds just like this , and his base loves it precisely because they know he said it . no , the denials are another unfortunate distraction , and yet another assault on truth , which threatens the integrity of a people . some agree he said it , but claim he wasn t being racist . but to be not - racist requires a concern for the racism that still casts a shadow of doubt on our claim that all are created equal by being consistent and careful with the power of words . to be unaware of the harm of stereotypes or careless with the hurt of generalizations of words is to make real the hypocrisy of hollow claims . in the absence of a history that can be confirmed with integrity , words may actually speak louder than actions . some say it s just more locker room talk , but coarse vulgarity is a sad part of the american vernacular no one even raises an eyebrow anymore so it s hardly the profanity that should concern us . but any policy that would judge people s worth by their national origin or their religion or by the color of their skin , not the content of their character , is a threat to our faith as well as to our only , true american exceptionalism : give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free , the wretched refuse of your teeming shore , send these , the helpless to me . i lift my torch beside the golden door . the harbor lady stands knee - deep in atlantic waters to beckon the people of the world to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . she stands to offers the least of these an opportunity to join the exceptional experiment called democracy , not because they are worthy but because democracy , like faith , has the power to make us free to share and unafraid of any tomorrow if we actually practice it . any policy in contradiction to her light of welcome is as unpatriotic as it is unchristian . so , i said it . and now i m afraid that i ve spoken . it s just that at this moment in our fragile history , i m even more afraid to remain silent .
the interim leadership of the consumer financial protection bureau has decided to reconsider regulatory rules for short - term , high - interest borrowing commonly known as payday lending . the federal agency , which was created in response to the financial crisis of 2007 - 2008 and the
please submit transitions including staff changes , ordinations , anniversaries or deaths to barbara francis . this page will be updated weekly . StAff changes kent berghuis , to first baptist church , dayton , ohio , as lead pastor . previously he was senior pastor of first
russ dean russ dean is co - pastor of park road baptist church in charlotte , n . c . a native of clinton , s . c . , and a graduate of furman university and southern baptist theological seminary , he earned a d . min . degree from beeson divinity school . he and his wife , amy , have been in church ministry for 30 years , and they have served as co - pastors of park road since 2000 . he is active in social justice ministries and interfaith dialogue , and when he isn t writing sermons or posts for baptist news global you ll find russ in his shed doing wood working , playing jazz music , slalom or barefoot water skiing , hiking and camping , or watching his two teenage boys on the baseball field .
la versi n en espa ol est disponible aqu . last week my mother died unexpectedly . she was 86 years old , and had struggled with alzheimer / dementia for the last 12 years . this sickness advances slowly and gradually , and little by little family and friends lose the person whom they loved . my mom seemed to be stable within her sickness , so her passing came as a surprise . i was with a dear friend at a starbucks , when i received the news about her critical condition . as updates continued to come in , surprisingly , i was quite calm and composed . knowing that an unexpected trip was imminent , i went home , checked plane tickets , and took care of some urgent work related matters . the news of my mom s passing arrived , and i prayed , placing her in god s hands , and thanking god for receiving her into her eternal home . as i talked to my brother that evening , we discussed my calm mood , and it became clear to me that i had been grieving for 12 years . every time that i would have contact with my mom and that i discovered that she could no longer do this or that , i silently grieved . in addition , i felt that i did not have many regrets in my relationship with her . of course , we had regular struggles as a mom and daughter , but in general , i can say that we had a good relationship , especially during my adult years . thankfully , i had a chance to reflect on this before i flew to mexico . thus , her funeral and burial became for me a true celebration of her life . under normal circumstances , funerals and burials in mexico must be performed within the first 24 to 48 hours after a person s death . funerals usually span two days , with long hours of visitation . in light of this , i had a chance to spend much time with my mom s friends and church family . as i listened to many stories about her , the predominant themes were related to her generosity , hospitality , great sense of humor , wonderful cooking abilities , writing skills and love for god , church and ministry . a thread that knitted many of these stories together was how she was a woman well ahead of her time . for instance , she was really progressive in her defense of women s rights . she never called herself a feminist , but certainly she lived like one . i use the word feminist to describe a person , woman or man , who is in favor of women s rights . surely , and to my kids regret , i do not take after my mom s cooking abilities , and i wish i had more of her sense of humor . however , i take after her writing skills , love for god , church and ministry , and her defense of women s rights . for anyone who is interested in women s issues , her story is fascinating . my mom was born in 1931 and due to diverse circumstances she could not attend college . since she was extremely smart , her parents and she decided that she would attend a technical school to become a bilingual secretary . after she graduated , she had a fruitful and ascending career that achieved its climax when she became the executive secretary to the general director of an important , multinational glass factory . one time she told me that at a certain point , she made more money than her dad ( her dad had a good job , too ) . another time she told me ( i can still feel her pride and pain ) , that this important businessman had mentioned that the only thing that she was missing , professionally speaking , was that she was not a man . this brilliant , ascending career , ended the day that she got married at age 26 . at that time , women could not have both ; they either worked professionally or got married . thus , she was automatically terminated the day after she got married . she was content with her marriage , but she wanted more . so , in a visionary and astute way , she crafted her own space . since no one would hire her due to her marital status , she became a translator who worked from home . one of her clients was a man who was involved in the shoe business . by translating his business deals , she learned the craft , and eventually started her own shoe store . in a creative way , my mother constructed a space where she was able to have a fulfilling life , in spite of the oppressive patriarchal system around her . my parents built a house where the store and the home were connected . so i grew up with a mom who would take care of her family and cook deliciously , and as she crossed literally a door , i would observe her transform herself into this wise , savvy business woman . for years , she would cross boundaries in powerful and graceful ways . throughout the years , people have asked me : when did you become a feminist , an advocate of women s rights i have always answered : i do not remember . i did not become one , i was born one . as i reflect more and more on my mom s story , i can say yes , i was born a feminist because i was carried , nursed and raised by one . and the story continues . my call to become an advocate for women s rights started in the womb and arms of this woman , who had to open spaces by and for herself . she was oppressed by a patriarchal system and worldview , but still she felt empowered by god , and believed that she could have the best of both worlds : family and professional work . as she opened spaces for herself , she also opened the eyes , dreams and imagination of many women who were observing her , including me . due to her dementia , my mom never knew clearly about my ministry with the christian latina leadership institute . had she known , she would have been very proud of this work and me , and for sure she would have been a strong supporter and a generous donor . as i celebrate her life , i continue to feel empowered by her story . one that connects her and me , and the other women in my life ( my daughter , sisters , nieces , grandmothers , aunts , great aunts , friends , mentors , colleagues , students , and powerful biblical women characters ) in a strong chain of love , support , transformation , and hope . as i stand on a giant s shoulders , here i am , called more than ever , to continue my work of empowering and opening spaces for women . my hope is that in god s timing and with god s blessings , one day no woman in the world will suffer oppression and limitations , as my mom did , just because of her gender . in the meantime , i am thankful for god s power that keeps moving women around the world to open their own spaces , to be fulfilled and content , and to become powerful and inspiring role models for the next generation of women . so pressing forward , i move ahead with the trust and confidence that my mom s life and my own , are but a link in a powerful chain that eventually , in god s timing and horizon , will produce a just world for all human beings , women and men alike . may it be so
a federal judge in mississippi has turned down a request to dismiss a lawsuit against the north american mission board of the southern baptist convention on religious liberty grounds . senior u . s . district judge glen h . davidson ruled jan . 18 that claims by a former baptist state convention executive that leaders of the mission agency orchestrated his firing and tried to interfere with other business arrangements can move forward . namb lawyers had argued the dispute with former baptist convention of maryland / delaware executive director will mcraney was over internal workings of a religious organization and not subject to judgment by a secular court . the judge disagreed , however , finding that a first amendment doctrine that limits civil courts from resolving disputes about ecclesiastical polity applies only to employer / employee relationships . because the 560 - church two - state convention is a separate organization from namb , the judge said the ministerial exception does not come into play . the judge said a similar doctrine known as the ecclesiastical abstention also does not bar the case , because it does not necessarily delve into matters of religious doctrine . mcraney claims that namb officials pressured state convention leaders to fire him in 2015 by threatening to withhold 1 million a year in denominational funding . he further alleges that national leaders tried to get him disinvited from speaking engagements and defamed him by posting a photograph at namb headquarters portraying him as a troublemaker . judge davidson did throw out an interference claim in florida , saying that since his participation in that particular event was not canceled , mcraney suffered no damages . since his departure from maryland , mcraney has written extensively arguing the new namb under president kevin ezell isn t working for southern baptists . previous stories : ministerial exception not a shield for wrongdoing , former baptist leader says in lawsuit former state exec sues namb for libel , interference in business relationships state baptist exec blames firing on interference from sbc agency state convention saddened and disappointed by claims of former exec
please submit transitions including staff changes , ordinations , anniversaries or deaths to barbara francis . this page will be updated weekly . staff changes kent berghuis , to first baptist church , dayton , ohio , as lead pastor . previously he was senior pastor of first baptist church , oklahoma city , okla . trevor brown , to first baptist church , amarillo , texas , as associate pastor . he comes from first baptist church , round rock , texas , where he was minister to students . larry fields , to oakwood baptist church , knoxville , tenn . , as pastor . kim gunn , concluding her tenure as minister to children at new highland baptist church , mechanicsville , va . , effective feb . 28 . david hughes , to first baptist church , augusta , ga . , as minister to students , effective march 5 . he recently served as youth minister at first baptist church , easley , s . c . gina c . jacobs - strain , to american baptist women s ministries , as executive director , effective feb . 1 . she is department chair of the division of student success at nyack college , nyack , n . y . , and associate regional pastor for women in ministry for american baptist churches of new jersey . david jordan , to first baptist church , decatur , ga . , as senior pastor , effective march 11 . he comes from providence baptist church , charlotte , n . c . , where he was teaching pastor . suzette mason , to first baptist church , norman , okla . , as minister of discipleship and children . she comes from first baptist church , tallahassee , fla . , where she was minister of children . enrique newman , to north scituate ( r . i . ) baptist church , as interim pastor . scotty robertson , to first baptist church , middletown , ohio , as pastor . he comes from the pastorate of mill creek ( ind . ) baptist church . todd tenaglia , to karl road baptist church , columbus , ohio , as children s director . hal west , to first baptist church , walterboro , n . c . , as transitional pastor . baptist news global provides a free listing of ministry - related jobs for baptist churches , theological institutions and organizations across the united states . click here to learn more . retirements james e . bennett jr . , retiring as minister of music and worship at first baptist church , aiken , s . c . , where he has served since 1997 . randolph miller , retiring as pastor of eastwood baptist church , medford , oregon . ordinations linsey addington , ordained to ministry on jan . 21 by church at ponce and highland , atlanta , ga . david klock , ordained to ministry by colonial park community church , harrisburg , pa . , on jan . 7 . deaths william s . fairhurst iii , 86 , died on jan . 5 in oneonta , n . y . he served american baptist churches in millers mills , weedsport , meridian and rose in new york , as well as churches in maine and new hampshire . he is survived by his wife , mary louise ; children , deborah cooper , cynthia ploutz , jennifer bowdoin , patricia fairhurst and william fairhurst ; 14 grandchildren and four great - grandchildren . dale lee gore , 83 , died jan . 18 in grand prairie , texas . he had served as pastor of these texas baptist churches : baggett creek in gustine ; first baptist in whitewright ; first baptist in goldthwaite ; trinity in sherman ; first baptist in denison ; and elm grove in belton . he was director of missions for grayson and austin baptist associations . he served on the executive board of the baptist general convention of texas , the texas baptist children s home board and the howard payne university board of trustees . he is survived by his wife , laverne ; two sons , dennis and jeffrey ; daughter , jane cluck ; nine grandchildren and four great - grandchildren . kudos staff anniversary brian lockamy , 20 years as associate minister for students at new hope baptist church , raleigh , n . c . in case you missed them : transitions for the week of 01 . 19 . 18 transitions for the week of 01 . 12 . 18 transitions for the week of 01 . 05 . 18 transitions for the week of 12 . 29 . 17
1 . the computer virus was programmed in oriental ok , i m no expert in chinese , japanese , cantenese or english , but i know what north korean programming looks like when i see it . after reviewing the source code and reading the emails , i ve come to the conclusion that this is a purely north korean mission . now s the time to ask yourself , do you know what north korean programming looks like doubt it . 2 . the assassination wasn t even that good i know what you re all thinking : alright , now she s gone too far . well , i haven t . it s canadian and therefore , by virtue , completely unamerican . sony owed joe frasier a favor for helping them cover up the creation of the greatest game of all time . 3 . paul isn t dead do you remember the first the beatles song you ever heard do you remember it backwards experts say you are 10 times more likely to believe dprk did sony if you remember your first the beatles song backwards than you do forwards . keep that in mind next time you put on the layla and other assorted love songs album . 5 . chandler bing was only speaking in metaphors throughout the entirety of s02e07 and s04e03 . if taken literally , one may believe that chandler really wanted to have sex with monica , however he instead spun us through a north korean virtual mind maze of ruby version management . he foresaw the future , which is a lot less than we can say for yukihiro matsumoto , who chose to betray rachel ( perl ) and buddy up with joey ( stupid fucking spec folders in ruby , who cares ) , the fallout being catastrophic , resulting in the whole gang going to prison for violating the good samaritan law . all five points lead directly to eternal hell and damnation . no there mustn t be any melancholy . this is america . this is christmas . this is war .
internet the internet chronicle was under siege sunday evening , as packets flooded in from across the globe , shutting down the site temporarily . this tactic is widely known and used by anonymous , a loose - knit offshoot of anonymous hacker group known as anonymous , as an act of censorship to protest censorship and other such social injustices . sure enough , moments after the attack began , the anonymous flagship account youranonnews took credit for the attack , issuing an ominous mango down , which is a technique pioneered by anonymous subset troll organization the rustle league . the youranonnews attack was rumored to be spearheaded by anonymous commander xyz and collaborator xnite . staff writers were initially taken aback by this ugly turn of events , as we ve always had a really great relationship with anonymous and all of its offshoot groups . however , spiritual peace in our office was soon attained once resident internet anthropologist dr . angstrom h . troubador relished in the idea that we were actually a target of a virtual sit - in . at a board meeting this morning , dr . troubador expressed with great exuberance how this pseudoevent was actually a blessing in disguise , as it cemented the internet chronicle forever in the annals of internet history as a target of anonymous . during his two hour long slide - show , dr . troubador referenced respected internet anthropologists gabriella coleman and peter ludlow , the former actually being the current leader of anonymous , and blamed chronicle writers for making fun of christ - like martyr and ex - leader of anonymous , barrett brown , citing this as the cause for the attack . you idiots think you can just run around writing about whatever you want and get away with it this isn t the internet of yesterday , my friends , this is an internet ruled by the power of anonymous and it s about time we fucking recognized it . troubador said , poetically taking a drag from his spliff . upon leaving the meeting , all staff had to purchase coleman s book coding freedom to be read immediately and were forced to sign an agreement form that said we would pre - order her upcoming book on the hegemonic internet force that is anonymous .
internet metamodernism is an ism . ism s are important , as they help us define our daily behaviors , creations and artistic expressions . yep , they re importante . why though , you don t ask well , i ll tell you : we have a need to classify and quantify our emotions and creative endeavors into a sandbox . this sandbox can be escaped , yet we have to forget all notions of ism s . lofty feat , most say . esteemed colleague and fellow internet chronicle writer espouses his theory of ism s to me via google chats . i m too lazy to post the whole log because i m prescribing to a certain ism at the moment , but essentially his basic viewpoint was make something , call it art , label it a part of an ism , nice shiny business suit fuck , sorry kilgoar , i totally botched that quote , but hey man , great coat - jacket . screen left enter psychedelia yes hello , psychedelics here , we ve heard of your oscillations and we d like to confirm and deny your general thesis . although , shia labeouf is right on the money fuck i love money anyway , ONwaRD we want to know metamoderinism . i need it in my life , much like i need the lord jesus christ , amen . i do believe they are one in the same . the oscillations of metamoderinism are simply vibrations , which is a theory as old as some fucking philosopher . we vibrate at a certain frequency , this is true . some call it the vibration of life , those people are faggots and are most definitely phish fans . this metamodern oscillation theory , however , produces many a stout question we must ask ourselves : are we truly this awesome the answer is still yet to be determined , but after consulting internet experts at the archive . org s way - back machine pages of the fark message board , we can only begin to grasp the origins of metamodernist culture . within these hallowed halls of truly lulzy past , reveal a dark underbelly if not an intentional plot to thrust the metmodernist meme upon a youth already devoid of post - modernism , a scene without a label perhaps better left that way . Nay there s no time for pussy - footin round these times when it comes to art qualify and quantify , stick it in your local sink - hole of a Dyi venue and make sure to make fliers pamphlets even because that worked before , but this will work better [ reasons ] . as fledgling psych , philosophy and english makers we had to take it a step further to truly understand the chaos , the oscillations , the correction of errors due . this time around , we got em , boss we got em . we took acid that night . [ youtube < URL > you know what , i have my life and you have yours , don t fucking tread on me , ok mom
no matter how hard he tries , donald trump just cannot escape the looming shadow of federal investigation . you might think that trump merely sold his soul to russia for a chance at the presidency of the united states , but the depth of his entanglement is unimaginably deeper . despite his increasingly unhinged denials the single greatest witch hunt in american history continues . there was no collusion , everybody including the dems knows there was no collusion , yet on and on it goes . russia the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing . republicans should finally take control donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 10 , 2018 trump is in deep . congress refuses to rest , and is following every lead that could result in trump being held accountable for his long history of alleged abuses . much of his despicable behavior is hard to prosecute , but financial crimes always leave a very detailed paper trail . in may and december of 2017 , the house s committee on financial services formally asked secretary of the treasury ( and low - budget john oliver ) , steven mnuchin , to deliver documents related to trump s russian financial ties . both requests were ignored . this isn t surprising , given that those very documents will likely implicate mnuchin himself in a multi - national money laundering scheme . the governmental agency charged with investigating federal financial crimes ( fincen ) , such as money laundering , is headed by the very man that should be under investigation . it turns out that there should be more stringent requirements for being appointed secretary of treasury than just really liking to stand near money . treasury secretary steven mnuchin his wife louise linton look at the first currency notes bearing his and u . s . treasurer jovita carranza ' s signatures , wednesday , nov . 15 , 2017 , at the bureau of engraving and printing ( bep ) in washington . ( ap photo / jacquelyn_m ) pic . twitter . com / ukdbbevypf michael b . kelley ( michaelbkelley ) november 15 , 2017 today , the tenacious committee members unloaded again on mnuchen . this request ( via bloomberg politics ) is the most strongly worded yet , with damning supporting evidence that mnuchin is compromised and should recuse himself from any decisions relating to the trump / russia financial scandal . among other requests , the committee specifically asks mnuchen : have you ever directed , or has any other trump administration official , trump campaign official or trump family member called on you to direct u . s . treasury officials or staff members to obscure , destroy , or withhold information implicating the president , trump campaign officials , trump family members or his associates but what would mnuchin s motive be why would he cover up these financial crimes for trump oh , that s right . he served as the trump campaign s finance chair . he was intimately involved , part of the inner circle . just like our favorite spigot of information , steve bannon . in fact , bannon s stunning revelations in michael wolff s fire and fury : inside trump s white house only give more weight to the theory that the campaign and trump organization both knew about these financial indiscretions . this is all about money laundering . their path to [ expletive ] trump goes right through paul manafort , don jr . and jared kushner . it s as plain as a hair on your face . if bannon , who served as the campaign s ceo , knew about this dirty cash pipeline , then there s no question that the finance chair of the campaign knew , too . further support of this theory comes from mnuchin s own actions as head of the treasury department : with bannon openly expressing panic about trump universe money laundering , the decision by mnuchin to unilaterally install a new head of the treasury unit fighting money - laundering ( fincen ) looks ever more suspicious : < URL > cc : iantalley salehamohsin pic . twitter . com / twfhsZqvvs jeff hauser ( jeffhauser ) january 3 , 2018 donnie t . s got a big grudge against fincen . before his cronies were installed in leadership , fincen fined one of trump s casinos for . wait for it : money laundering in 2015 , the then - director of fincen issued this statement : like all casinos in this country , trump taj mahal has a duty to help protect our financial system from being exploited by criminals , terrorists , and other bad actors . far from meeting these expectations , poor compliance practices , over many years , left the casino and our financial system unacceptably exposed . trump thinks he s smart . . actually , throughout my life , my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being , like , really smart . crooked hillary clinton also played these cards very hard and , as everyone knows , went down in flames . i went from very successful businessman , to top t . v . star . . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 6 , 2018 . to president of the united states ( on my first try ) . i think that would qualify as not smart , but genius . and a very stable genius at that donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 6 , 2018 but the combined efforts of congress , other public servants , state and federal agencies , and the intelligence community are unrelenting . the march of justice has begun . featured image via getty / andrew harrer
donald trump is always quick to unleash on his enemies , especially if those enemies happen to question his narcissistic self - image . like a petulant child , he relishes attacking others , slandering them rather then rebutting their claims . as is our new national tradition , president trump is spending his saturday golfing and tweeting : so much fake news is being reported . they don t even try to get it right , or correct it when they are wrong . they promote the fake book of a mentally deranged author , who knowingly writes false information . the mainstream media is crazed that we won the election donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 13 , 2018 once you look past the distracting random capitalization , you ll see that trump is once again attacking the media . this is specifically aimed at michael wolff , author of bestselling expos fire and fury : inside the trump white house . this book is chock - full of bombshells , describing the chaotic and surreal atmosphere of the white house during the first year of the trump presidency . trump doggedly insists the book is categorically false ; he wants you to know that he is telling the truth michael wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book . he used sloppy steve bannon , who cried when he got fired and begged for his job . now sloppy steve has been dumped like a dog by almost everyone . too bad < URL > donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 6 , 2018 among the assertions in the book : the trump organization is eyeballs deep in money - laundering schemes : this is all about money laundering . mueller chose [ senior prosecutor andrew ] weissmann first and he is a money - laundering guy . their path to fucking trump goes right through paul manafort , don jr and jared kushner . it s as plain as a hair on your face . ( steve bannon quote ) the trump campaign likely committed treason : the three senior guys in the campaign thought it was a good idea to meet with a foreign government inside trump tower in the conference room on the 25 th floor with no lawyers . they didn t have any lawyers . even if you thought that this was not treasonous , or unpatriotic , or bad shit , and i happen to think it s all of that , you should have called the fbi immediately . ( steve bannon quote ) ( these two quotes by steve bannon have not been denied by the former w . h . chief strategist and trump campaign ceo . ) the staff surrounding trump thinks he s not very smart : for steve mnuchin and reince priebus , he was an idiot . for gary cohn , he was dumb as shit . for h . r . mcmaster he was a dope . the list went on . he does not understand the basics of the u . s . constitution : early in the campaign , sam nunberg was sent to explain the constitution to the candidate . i got as far as the fourth amendment , nunberg recalled , before his finger is pulling down on his lip and his eyes are rolling back in his head . ' obstruction of justice is de rigueur : mark corallo was instructed not to speak to the press , indeed not to even answer his phone . later that week , corallo , seeing no good outcome - and privately confiding that he believed the meeting on air force one represented a likely obstruction of justice - quit . ( the jarvanka side would put it out that corallo was fired . ) trump and co . are understandably running scared . if the revelations in fire and fury are indeed true , most senior members of the administration as well as trump himself should be under intense federal investigation . so the question we are left with is : should we believe trump s denials i authorized zero access to white house ( actually turned him down many times ) for author of phony book i never spoke to him for book . full of lies , misrepresentations and sources that don t exist . look at this guy s past and watch what happens to him and sloppy steve donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 5 , 2018 trump says wolff had zero access , but that s easily refuted by white house reporter zeke miller : fwiw : the several times i saw wolff at the white house , he was cleared - in with a blue ' appointment " badge allowing west wing access , rather than a gray " press " badge . zeke miller ( zekejmiller ) january 3 , 2018 this indicates that he was indeed given access , likely by steve bannon . axios reports that there is physical evidence backing up the book s claims , in the form of tapes : michael wolff has tapes to back up quotes in his incendiary book dozens of hours of them . among the sources he taped , i m told , are steve bannon and former white house deputy chief of staff katie walsh . even sarah huckabee sanders was forced to admit that , contrary to the white house s prior statements , wolff did indeed have access to trump ( from the washington post ) : white house press secretary sarah huckabee sanders said trump spoke to wolff only once for about five to seven minutes , and not specifically about the book . but the author said on today that he had a full interview with the president . verdict : trump s lying once more . featured image : getty / nurphoto
we have all been on edge for quite some time anxiously waiting to see where all this tension between the us and north korea is going , right most of us have accepted that ww3 might very well be upon u
on a recent wednesday morning , volunteer emergency medical technician sanaa mahameed was the first responder on the scene as fire and rescue personnel extricated two injured people from their vehicles following a car crash . unfortunately , motor vehicle accidents aren t a rare occurrence . what was unusual about this scene is that the woman tending the wounded was a religious muslim who modestly covers her hair and neck with a hijab .
science - technology science , archaeology , geology , paleontology , astronomy , space , technology , new products lab - grown horns and tusks could stop poaching or not scientists are making mimics of rhino horns and elephant tusks , hoping to drive down the prices of these items on the black market and discourage poaching . but many conservation groups argue that it could have the opposite effect , according to an article in chemical engineering news ( c en ) , the weekly newsmagazine of the american chemical society . by american chemical society - thursday , january 25 , 2018 - full story pearly material for bendable heating elements ( video ) the iridescent shimmer of a string of pearls may one day be more than pretty adornment . scientists now report in acs applied nano materials a hybrid material consisting of imitation pearl combined with silver nanowires that works as a heater , with the added benefit of high flexibility , suggesting a potential role in wearable devices . by american chemical society - thursday , january 25 , 2018 - full story a step toward ridding register receipts of bpa although the u . s and other countries have banned or restricted the use of bisphenol a ( bpa ) because of environmental and health concerns , it is still used in thermally printed receipts and labels . now researchers report in a study in the acs journal industrial engineering chemistry research that they have developed potentially safer polymers that could replace bpa for printed papers . by american chemical society - friday , january 19 , 2018 - full story scaling to new heights with gecko - inspired adhesive some animals , such as geckos , can easily climb up walls and across ceilings . but currently , no material exists that allows everyday people to scale walls or transverse ceilings as effortlessly . now , scientists report in acs applied materials and interfaces a dry adhesive that could someday make it easier to defy gravity . by american chemical society - wednesday , january 17 , 2018 - full story watch : how to spot fake metals with acids washington acids are reactive , with even weak acids like vinegar interacting with other materials to wow students . but strong acids can really put on a show . for example , aqua regia , or royal water , is a mixture of two strong acids hydrochloric and nitric acids that can dissolve gold , a noble metal . this reaction can be put to use . watch as reactions employs some acid know - how to explain a chemistry detective story to sort real gold from its imposters : by american chemical society - thursday , december 21 , 2017 - full story creating surfaces that repel water and control its flow ( video ) to prevent water and ice from making our shoes soggy , frosting our car windows and weighing down power lines with icicles , scientists have been exploring new coatings that can repel water . now one team has developed a way to direct where the water goes when it s pushed away . their report appears in the journal acs applied materials interfaces . by american chemical society - thursday , december 21 , 2017 - full story bringing avatar - like glowing plants to the real world the 2009 film avatar created a lush imaginary world , illuminated by magical , glowing plants . now researchers are starting to bring this spellbinding vision to life to help reduce our dependence on artificial lighting . they report in acs journal nano letters a way to infuse plants with the luminescence of fireflies . by american chemical society - thursday , december 21 , 2017 - full story meet roku s new entry level unit - and a high tech backpack that can charge your phone cord cutter wannabes , also known as folks who want to pull the plug on conventional television delivery systems such as cable and satellite , have a new low cost reason to make that move thanks to roku s new entry level express . this 40 cad unit is the latest in the roku line of streaming devices that all offer similar programming but with different capabilities - from " entry level " hd to 4 k with hdr . and if you re using your cord cutting experience as a way to get out into the supposedly great outdoors , lifepack has created a backpack that not only carries your stuff , it helps keep your tunes close and charges your electronics at the same time . but let s talk about the roku first , because i need to screw up my courage to actually go outdoors to use the lifepack before i can write about it . by jim bray - thursday , december 21 , 2017 - full story buds on mars can t wait for having a cool bud on mars a commemorative replica of a 1475 beer - stein from landshut , germany , ( height 7 . 5 ) . at that time , the numeral four was written as the upper half of the numeral eight as shown in the enlargement . photos by the author . why not just take the next rocket to that holiday resort there sure , it s a long journey but the vistas are breath - taking . in fact , not just the vistas , the atmosphere too by dr . klaus l . e . kaiser - saturday , december 9 , 2017 - full story how do hand sanitizers work washington alcohol - based hand sanitizers are the ubiquitous little squeeze - bottle heroes of airports and hospitals , our allies during cold and flu season , and supposedly effective against a huge variety of disease - causing viruses and bacteria . but what s really in hand sanitizers and is it true that they kill 99 . 99 of germs , as popular brands claim by american chemical society - tuesday , november 28 , 2017 - full story pulling iron out of waste printer toner someday , left - over toner in discarded printer cartridges could have a second life as bridge or building components instead of as trash , wasting away in landfills and potentially harming the environment . one group reports in acs sustainable chemistry engineering that they have devised a method to recycle the residual powder in empty cartridges into iron using temperatures that are compatible with existing industrial processes . by american chemical society - wednesday , november 22 , 2017 - full story the art and science of glassblowing ( video ) washington if you ve ever tapped a screen to send a tweet , opted for a glass bottled soda because of taste , or drooled over art glass in a gallery , then your life has been changed for the better by the transparent yet durable combination of sand and simple chemicals we call glass . reactions visited mcfadden art glass in baltimore , maryland , to learn about the chemistry of this ancient material . by american chemical society - wednesday , november 22 , 2017 - full story israeli researchers discover how sponges build glass skeletons that protect them from their environs the technology for forming and shaping glass requires the application of heat at extremely high temperatures . so how do some marine organisms form their own glass skeletons in cold water that mystery has now been partially solved by a team of israeli and german scientists . and while the researchers admit that what the marine organisms are doing is far beyond the abilities of current human technology , further study may bring us closer to the ability to mimic the mechanism at room temperature in a lab . by israel21c - wednesday , november 22 , 2017 - full story cool textiles to beat the heat air - conditioned buildings bring welcome relief to people coming in from the heat . but creating that comfort comes with a cost to our wallets and the environment in the form of increased energy bills and greenhouse gas emissions . now researchers report in acs nano the development of a new material for clothing that we could one day don as our own personal cooling unit , without any external energy needed to power it . by american chemical society - friday , november 10 , 2017 - full story jellyfish - inspired electronic skin glows when it gets hurt electronic - skin technologies for prosthetics and robots can detect the slightest touch or breeze . but oddly , the sensors that make this possible do not respond effectively to a harmful blow . now researchers report in acs applied materials interfaces the development of a jellyfish - inspired electronic skin that glows when the pressure against it is high enough to potentially cause an injury . by american chemical society - thursday , november 2 , 2017 - full story the chemistry of hollywood bloodbaths ( video ) washington fake blood is a staple of the halloween horror film experience , but there s no one recipe to suit every filmmaker s needs . the chemistry of fake blood has always been tweaked to create the most realistic experience , or at least the most budget - friendly . from alfred hitchcock to sam raimi , join reactions on a halloween tour of the chemistry of gore : for more halloween chemistry , listen to our latest science elements podcast to hear a spooky dickensian tale about spontaneous combustion , written by sam kean , author of the disappearing spoon : . by american chemical society - monday , october 30 , 2017 - full story on the road to fire - free , lithium - ion batteries made with asphalt lithium - ion batteries can be found in everything from cell phones to hoverboards , but these power sources have recently made headlines for the fires they have inadvertently caused . to address these safety hazards , scientists report in acs nano that they are paving the way to better batteries with a naturally occurring form of asphalt . by american chemical society - wednesday , october 18 , 2017 - full story cielo close to commercialization with its first continuous - flow waste to renewable diesel refinery cielo waste solutions ( cse : cmc ) is delivering on its promise to build its first commercial - grade renewable diesel refinery . construction is well underway at its high river facility proving that its proprietary technology will be able to convert multiple different waste feed - stocks , including landfill waste , into high - grade , renewable diesel has moved the company from demonstration to commercial stage . vancouver - based cielo has extended its private placement offering of units , to accommodate additional subscribers . the private placement has so far raised 2 , 283 , 236 for moving its development forward . a private lender has also signed a term sheet with cielo extending the company a 3 . 5 million line of credit . currently , cielo and the company are working thru the paperwork to get the credit facility finalized . the 356 - litre - an hour continuous flow refinery that cielo is currently building is a retrofit of a 50 - litre - an - hour batch process demonstration plant , which the company and its license provider have been using as a test facility . by rick mills - monday , october 16 , 2017 - full story soundlink micro makes big sound for a tiny package ; and the house falls down first came the soundlink , then a while later came the soundlink mini . so it was probably inevitable that bose would follow up eventually with this new , micro - sized bluetooth speaker . it only makes sense , what with technology s continuous process of miniaturization and optimization . a computer that used to fill a room is now outclassed by a smart phone and room - filling speakers can now fill rooms from enclosures a fraction of the size of other types of loudspeaker . with audio , however , the fly in the ointment is bass . bass frequencies have longer wavelengths than the higher tones and that has traditionally meant you needed those honking big cabinets to reproduce those low frequencies faithfully , while you could get away with smaller speakers for the higher stuff . hence the proliferation of subwoofers and satellite speakers . by jim bray - saturday , october 14 , 2017 - full story cook an egg with no heat and other weird egg science washington , oct . 10 , 2017 you can learn a lot from eggs . the versatile , delicious , humble chicken egg . you can unlock the secrets of the universe with eggs , or at least a couple of them through these fun ( if slightly weird ) diy chemistry experiments in our latest episode of reactions . find out how you can cook an egg without heat , make them bounce like a basketball and whip up a batch of green eggs for the dr . seuss fans in your life : < URL > by american chemical society - tuesday , october 10 , 2017 - full story
global warming - energy - environment global warming , climategate , environment , environmentalists , activists , scare tactics , greens , kyoto , carbon dioxide , facts and myths , greenhouse gases , united nations report on climate change , debunking , energy , oil , gas , fracking , epa , energy , oil drilling , gas , nuclear power , food scares , genetically modified food , organic food thoughts on the solar tariffs the trump administration has enacted tariffs on imported solar cells and larger modules ( as well as on washing machines ) . in general , tariffs are counterproductive , because they only help some producers at the expense of others , and they unambiguously raise prices for consumers . that logic applies to this case as well . however , insofar as the american solar companies that import cells and modules are some of the biggest losers in this deal , they have little grounds for complaint , as they are already receiving lavish benefits from provisions in the tax code . two wrongs don t make a right , to be sure , but employment in the renewables sector is arguably closer to the natural level after this latest move by the federal government . by institute for energy research - thursday , january 25 , 2018 - full story an entirely predictable bankruptcy on monday , philadelphia energy solutions ( pes ) announced it is filing for bankruptcy . pes operates the largest oil - refining complex on the east coast , with its two refineries capable of processing 335 , 000 barrels of oil per day . in filing for bankruptcy , pes citied its inability to pay for the 2018 cost of complying with the renewable fuel standard ( rfs ) , which mandates ever increasing levels of biofuel be mixed into the nation s fuel supply regardless of demand or even whether the biofuels actually exist . by institute for energy research - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story by rick mills - monday , january 22 , 2018 - full story regulations hurt economics of nuclear power the state of georgia is facing difficulties keeping the construction of its two nuclear units alive . the bankruptcy of westinghouse , the project s lead contractor , in march and construction delays have resulted in a five - year delay in opening its units at the alvin w . vogtle generating station near augusta , from initial opening dates of 2016 and 2017 to 2021 and 2022 . construction costs have almost doubled from 14 billion to at least 23 billion . yet georgia utility regulators recently approved the continued construction of the units because they will be a valuable source of reliable electricity for a long time . the reactor design , the westinghouse ap1000 , is a significant advancement in nuclear technology and safety and is being successfully built in china . benefits include plant reliability , fuel diversity , and zero greenhouse gas emissions . the vogtle units will also help the united states compete worldwide in nuclear construction . by institute for energy research - sunday , january 21 , 2018 - full story by dr . klaus l . e . kaiser - sunday , january 21 , 2018 - full story does bitcoin use too much electricity an optimist says the glass is half full . a pessimist says the glass if half empty . and a vox writer says if you drink 60 glasses of that stuff in the next hour , it ll kill you . a case in point is the recent vox column by umair irfan , warning that the bitcoin network has caused a huge surge in energy consumption . and yet , irfan s own article admits that even the largest estimate which could be double the actual figure suggests bitcoin only uses about 0 . 14 percent of global electricity . it seems somewhat unfair to single out bitcoin and ignore the other 99 . 86 percent of the activities that use electricity . by institute for energy research - friday , january 19 , 2018 - full story the green empress has no clothes during december 2017 , germany s millions of solar panels received just 10 hours of sunshine ; and when solar energy did filter through the clouds , most of the panels were covered in snow . even committed green disciples with a huge tesla battery in their garage soon found that their battery was flat and there was no solar energy to re - charge it . by viv forbes - thursday , january 18 , 2018 - full story u . s . oil production sets new record , setting stage for what trump calls global dominance funny thing about our president and the whole so much winning thing . we may very well be doing all the winning he promised , but it won t seem like it to you because all you hear about is shitholes and russia and whatever other trivia is dominating the headlines that day . supposedly cnn had nearly 200 mentions of the shithole thing yesterday . meanwhile , our global energy dominance is developing in such stunning fashion they can t deny it even in reuterville : by dan calabrese - tuesday , january 16 , 2018 - full story blatant blue state hypocrisy you ve got to admire the full frontal audacity of new york governor andrew cuomo , new york city mayor bill de blasio , and their union and pressure group comrades in arms . their hypocrisy , fraud and tyranny are boundless , especially on fiscal , energy and climate change issues . amid the seventh year of a new york is open for business advertising campaign that has spent 354 million thus far , they are presiding over tax and regulatory regimes , mountains of debt , intransigent public sector unions , anti - nuclear , anti - fossil fuel energy policies that are anything but business friendly and press conferences that promise more of the same for state businesses , taxpayers and pensioners . by paul driessen - sunday , january 14 , 2018 - full story by institute for energy research - saturday , january 13 , 2018 - full story supreme court rejects california gold mining case california gold miners are reeling from a supreme court of the united states refusal to hear a high - profile case concerning a statewide suction dredge mining ban . the top court denied gold miner brandon rinehart s petition for his day in court jan . 8 . by brad jones - thursday , january 11 , 2018 - full story bad policies cause prices to spike in the northeast natural gas prices in some parts of the northeast increased by 60 to 70 times their recent rates because there is insufficient pipeline capacity in the region during periods of high demand spurred by cold weather . the recent cold weather system stressed the market as much as the polar vortex of 2014 . natural gas is increasingly being used in the northeast for both heat and electricity , providing over half of the electricity in the region . to make matters worse , the region has shuttered coal - fired and nuclear power plants that provide reliable power . due to bad policy , annual residential electricity rates in the northeast average about 19 or 20 cents per kilowatt hour , compared with the national average of 12 to 13 cents . but due to the cold front experienced during the first week of january along with the so - called bomb cyclone , electricity prices rose 126 percent to 273 . 23 a megawatt - hour and natural gas prices rose to 87 . 47 per million british thermal unit on january 4 . source : bloomberg source : forbes by institute for energy research - thursday , january 11 , 2018 - full story uh oh : trump reverses course on offshore drilling , exempts florida the problem here isn t that you can t make a case drilling elsewhere . and you can make a legitimate argument that some locations should be prioritized over others , for various reasons that could very well include tourism . as you go about deciding where to approve leases , things like that are perfectly fair considerations . but it s a long way from that to what just happened : last week , the trump administration announced that it will lift the ban on offshore drilling in virtually all u . s . waters . then florida politicians from both parties freaked . less than a week later , the trump epa says there will be no drilling off the shore of florida . by dan calabrese - wednesday , january 10 , 2018 - full story regulation and economic growth a recent new york times article reported on some u . s . businesses that are getting increasing investment in light of the trump administration s deregulatory efforts . although the claims are broad , the article specifically mentions the rollback of obama - era regulations on the coal industry as an example . economist paul krugman whose own column is carried by the nyt was aghast . on twitter , krugman linked to the article and claimed that there is no evidence none that regulation actually deters investment . he then went on to argue the exact opposite , namely that climate change regulations in particular would promote business investment ( in renewables and conservation projects ) . by institute for energy research - tuesday , january 9 , 2018 - full story the biofuel crony capitalist revolving door yet another congressional aide is about to pass through washington s infamous revolving door to a lucrative private sector position . kurt kovarik , legislative director for senator chuck grassley ( r - iowa ) , will become vice president of federal affairs for the national biodiesel board . to grow and prosper , this industry relies on subsidies and mandates that require steadily increasing volumes of diesel fuel from crops and other sources . as the nbb said in a press release , kovarik s decades of experience in the senate will serve us well , as we navigate federal policy issues that most affect our industry . his work on energy and tax legislation , familiarity with the key players in washington and knowledge of biofuels are all reasons we are so happy to have him on our team . by paul driessen - sunday , january 7 , 2018 - full story al gore : bitter cold is exactly what we should expect from the climate crisis former vice president al gore has weighed in on the record cold and snow in the u . s . it s bitter cold in parts of the us , but climate scientist dr . michael mann explains that s exactly what we should expect from the climate crisis , gore wrote on january 4 on twitter . gore linked to one of his organizations articles on the brutal winter weather written by climategate professor michael mann : the climate reality project : a perfect storm : extreme winter weather , bitter cold , and climate change in the gore touted article , mann linked the cold and lots of snow to climate change . it s bitter cold in parts of the us , but climate scientist dr . michael mann explains that s exactly what we should expect from the climate crisis . < URL > al gore ( algore ) january 4 , 2018 gore s oscar - winning documentary an inconvenient truth did not warn of record cold and increasing snowfalls as a consequence of man - made global warming . and as recently as 2009 , gore was hyping the lack of snow as evidence for man - made global warming . source : gore reports snow and ice across the world vanishing quickly . more by marc morano - saturday , january 6 , 2018 - full story study : electric vehicle charging could present grid challenges according to a new study by wood mackenzie , americans should be cautious about electric vehicles ( evs ) and their rate of adoption into the marketplace because they can be disruptive to the electric grid . because electric cars have less driving range on a charge than the equivalent gasoline - powered vehicle has on a tank of gas , their batteries must be recharged fairly frequently . a recent study found that simultaneous charging of just 60 , 000 electric vehicles could threaten the texas grid . based on a 100 - kilowatt ev battery with a five - minute charge time , which could potentially be the standard for evs in three or four years according to wood mackenzie , demand from 60 , 000 cars charging at once would equate to 70 gigawatts ; this is equal to the current peak demand of the electric reliability council of texas ( ercot ) . 1 by institute for energy research - friday , january 5 , 2018 - full story u . s . oil and natural gas exports soar the united states is becoming a major oil and natural gas exporter . canada and mexico are purchasing natural gas shipped by pipeline from the united states and cheniere energy is shipping liquefied natural gas ( lng ) from its sabine pass export terminal to europe , asia and south america . since 2015 , when the ban on crude oil exports was lifted by congress , u . s . oil companies have been exporting crude oil and are continuing to export petroleum products to areas around the world . china has become a regular recipient of u . s . oil and natural gas and in the first ten months of 2017 was the second largest importer of u . s . crude oil . the boom is due to u . s . ingenuity in applying horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing to extract oil and natural gas from shale rock , making the united states the largest oil and gas producer in the world and lowering energy prices for consumers . by institute for energy research - friday , january 5 , 2018 - full story doi proposal will put american energy resources to work for the american people washington the institute for energy research supports the department of the interior s proposal to open vast expanses of the outer continental shelf ( ocs ) to energy exploration . ier president thomas j . pyle has issued the following statement : the united states has at its feet stores of energy resources that could potentially remake world markets . the leadership of this administration is now moving us closer than we ve ever been before to realizing our enormous energy production potential . whereas the previous administration sought to keep resources out of our reach , president trump and secretary zinke are putting our resources to work for us . by institute for energy research - friday , january 5 , 2018 - full story trump to allow oil drilling in nearly all u . s . waters when donald trump decides to do something , and actually has the authority to do it , he doesn t resort to half - measures . if you believe as we do that domestic energy exploration is crucial to this country s long - term economy and national security , this trumpian inclination today produced very good news : the trump administration will allow new offshore oil and gas drilling in nearly all united states waters , it announced thursday . the plan would give the energy industry broad access to drilling rights in most parts of the outer continental shelf , including pacific waters near california , atlantic waters near maine and the eastern gulf of mexico . by dan calabrese - thursday , january 4 , 2018 - full story
guns - crime - terror - security guns , second amendment , gun control , refugees , crime , crime in the news , murder , arson , rape , assault , mobs , gangs , gang violence , security , fraud , cyber crime , war on terror , al qaeda , terrorism , jihad , islamo - fascism , domestic terrorism , knockout game saf , colorado group file amicus brief in magazine ban appeal bellevue , wa - the second amendment foundation ( saf ) , joined by the millennial policy center ( mpc ) , has filed an amicus brief in the challenge of colorado s ban on so - called large capacity magazines , using history , nineteenth century tradition and the colorado state constitution to support the challenge . the brief was submitted to the colorado court of appeals by attorney joseph greenlee of denver . by second amendment foundation - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story the syrian refugee imam who wants jews dead last winter , the local media was touting imam abdullah khadra as a victim of president trump s travel ban . khadra , a syrian , was here on a religious worker visa and was applying for political asylum . the refugee imam living in north carolina called trump s move , absolutely inhumane and ridiculous . jewish leftists agreed . lucy dinner , the clergywoman from temple beth or in raleigh , denounced singling out an entire group of people based on their faith . lucy dinner had previously signed a letter in support of anti - israel activism by eric and jennifer solomon . eric solomon was affiliated with the anti - israel hate group , t ruah , and jenny solomon ran controversial educational programs at the nc hillel . by daniel greenfield - friday , january 19 , 2018 - full story prison chaplains given accommodation for oc spray bennettsville , south carolina the bureau of prisons ( bop ) has now granted religious accommodation to prison chaplains at various federal correctional institutions who were being punished for not carrying oleoresin capsicum ( oc ) spray as a potential weapon against inmates to whom they are tasked to minister and counsel . the religious accommodation was granted and previous punitive measures were revoked as a result of liberty counsel s letter advising the bop that the eric williams correctional officer protection act of 2015 does not require chaplains to carry oc spray . liberty counsel also referenced attorney general sessions recent memo on religious liberty in the federal workplace . by liberty counsel - friday , january 12 , 2018 - full story scotus review sought in challenge of alameda county gun store ban bellevue , wa attorneys for the second amendment foundation and its partners in a challenge of an alameda county , california zoning ordinance that effectively bans gun stores have filed a writ of certiorari seeking review by the supreme court of the united states . the lawsuit was against an alameda county ordinance that prohibits gun stores from being located within 500 feet of a residential zone . plaintiffs won before a three - judge panel of the u . s . ninth circuit court of appeals , but that was reversed following an en banc hearing before the full appeals court . now the case is being appealed to the high court . by second amendment foundation - wednesday , january 10 , 2018 - full story how to stop the shooting from the gaza strip conditions in the gaza strip today resemble those that prevailed before previous rounds of hostilities , above all operation protective edge , and it thus appears that the road to a further round of fighting in gaza after over three years of relative quiet is growing shorter . for over a month , there has been steady rocket and mortar fire from the gaza strip toward israel . israel s response strategy currently appears ineffective , and hamas too finds it hard to stop the shooting . if israel wishes to avoid escalation , it must find ways to take immediate , forceful action to reduce the humanitarian and economic pressures on the gaza strip , without being perceived as relaxing its attitude toward terror , and while strengthening its deterrent power toward hamas . it is also recommended that israel enlist egypt and give it a toolbox that includes significant infrastructure - related and economic rewards , designed to tempt hamas to make a genuine effort to keep the area calm . by inss - - udi dekel - tuesday , january 9 , 2018 - full story no foreign aid to palestinians a us interest president trump should cut / suspend / terminate foreign aid to the palestinian authority and unrwa , since they have undermined us values and national security interests , by abusing us foreign aid to promote hate - education and terrorism . president trump should follow in the footsteps of effective and moral law - enforcement and homeland security authorities , who sustain and intensify their pursuit of criminals and terrorists , in defiance of the latter s threats to escalate rogue operations . western national leaders and police chiefs who succumb to rather than defy and uproot - threats by rogue and criminal elements betray their constituents . by yoram ettinger - sunday , january 7 , 2018 - full story report on suicide attacks in 2017 : fewer attacks , more women bombers suicide attacks remain one of the most effective tools available to terrorist organizations to achieve their objectives . suicide attacks are for the most part particularly lethal and create a profound feeling of helplessness among the affected public , given that there presumably is no way to deter a person who is prepared to kill him or herself in order to harm his / her enemies . therefore , suicide attacks help the organizations and groups that deploy the suicide bombers build an image of power that is far greater than their actual power . every year the terrorism and low intensity conflict research program at the institute of national securities studies ( inss ) compiles data on the suicide attacks that were carried out during the calendar year and the emerging trends related to this phenomenon . in recent years , it has become increasingly difficult to monitor the data , particularly in areas of intense activity such as iraq and syria , where the islamic state used suicide bombers in the ongoing fighting . for example , islamic state spokesmen published data in their propaganda that quote a very high number of suicide bombers . for example , the official islamic state s media outlets proclaimed it was responsible for 771 suicide attacks in 2017 in syria and iraq alone . however , these figures were not verified by external sources , and therefore were not included in the summary that follows . attacks counted here were verified by at least two different independent sources , and a coordinated suicide attack on multiple adjacent targets is counted as a single attack . by inss - - aviad mendelboim , yoram schweitzer - sunday , january 7 , 2018 - full story saf amends challenge to cal . assault weapon regs , seeks injunction bellevue , wa attorneys for the second amendment foundation and its partners in a challenge to the california department of justice regulations on so - called assault weapons have filed an amended complaint in the case , and are also seeking an injunction against the new regulations . the case is known as holt v . becerra . it was filed in superior court in riverside county . by second amendment foundation - thursday , january 4 , 2018 - full story europe s tolerance for terrorists saleh ali was one of 64 , 000 syrian refugees living in the netherlands . the vast majority , like ali , are young men . and the largest number of these migrants spend their days idling in amsterdam . on thursday morning , saleh ali took a walk to trendy amstelveenseweg while wearing a keffiyah and waving a terrorist plo flag . he stopped in front of a jewish restaurant , shouted allahu akbar and began smashing the windows . the amsterdam police stood by and watched quizzically until he was done . then when he entered the restaurant , they finally called him out and arrested him . and in two days he was back on the street . by daniel greenfield - saturday , december 30 , 2017 - full story a history of violence having gone through the statistical data from various websites that keep close track of numbers like religionofpeace . com , and wikipedia , the stats show a grim picture of the war on terror of which few people are reporting or aware . since 9 / 11 till december 28 , 2017 , there have been 34 , 583 islamic attacks around the world . 224 , 168 people have been killed and 303 , 724 people injured . the attacks have occurred in 61 countries . by ray dilorenzo - saturday , december 30 , 2017 - full story church attack kills nine in egypt terrorists strike as egyptian churches brace for violence . many spared as bomb fails to go off . release calls for prayer for egypt s christians the death toll in an attempted suicide bomb attack on a church in egypt [ today , friday ] has now reached nine , according to egyptian sources . many more worshippers could have been killed in the attack on saint menas church , south of cairo , had the suicide bomber succeeded in detonating his explosive vest . by news on the net - friday , december 29 , 2017 - full story anti - government protests in iran there are widespread anti - government protests in iran today , spreading after they began in a few cities yesterday . protesters in the demonstrations are complaining about the state of the economy including rising prices , and also are asking that the government spend more on the people of iran and less on foreign military entanglements . we have live breaking news coverage of the iran protests . by right side broadcasting - friday , december 29 , 2017 - full story berlin to offer safe zone for women at brandenburg gate new year s party by now , you ve probably heard stories of the rapes , sexual assaults , and brutal mistreatment of women during the 2015 cologne , germany new year s festivities . the reports of migrant gangs targeting women made headlines all over the world . angela merkel s pro - immigrant government did its best to sweep those incidents ( and other similar reports ) under the rug , but the cat was out of the bag and german citizens were demanding solutions . they didn t really get anything substantial . merkel promised to do something and continued her refugee push . by robert laurie - friday , december 29 , 2017 - full story terror on russian shoppers a christmas season bombing of a supermarket in russia s second - largest city suggests that killing in the name of islam never goes out of season . in addition to being a time for end - of - the - year reflection , christmas is also a popular time for muslim terrorists to kill christians and jews , and sometimes , other muslims , too . yuletide terrorist attacks seem to be becoming the new normal in several countries and the christmas season isn t over yet in russia . eastern orthodox christians in russia won t celebrate the birth of jesus of nazareth until sunday , jan . 7 , more than a week from now . by matthew vadum - - front page mag - thursday , december 28 , 2017 - full story internet currencies and national security internet currencies do not claim to replace state currencies , but even if the phenomenon is realized only partially , it is hard to dismiss the idea that it could deprive states and financial establishments that control the global financial system of their exclusive hold over means of payment . in the long term , if this phenomenon spreads and is not regulated , it could also have implications for internal stability . at present , regulatory bodies such as central banks in the west as well as in israel appear fairly indifferent to internet currencies and their impact on various fields of activity , because they are not a familiar official currency , security , or asset . israel would do well to accelerate the process of defining its approach to internet currencies , with an integrated examination of the subject by all the regulatory bodies involved , including cyber teams , and in collaboration with other elements worldwide . by inss - thursday , december 28 , 2017 - full story weapon of mass disruption the ever - increasing digitalization of our world has meant advances in technology that would have been unimaginable 30 years ago when the internet first entered the popular lexicon . created by the u . s . government in the 1960 s to build robust communications via computer networks , internet as it was then called had no means of electronic mail , telephony or file sharing , which are the building blocks of today s world - wide web . more recent inventions like e - commerce , cloud computing and the industrial internet of things ( iiot ) have transformed the way we do business and conduct our personal lives . we take for granted the ability to shop and bank online , have a constant cell phone connection either through broadband or wifi , stream music and videos , or talk to each other across thousands of miles through skype and facetime . by rick mills - wednesday , december 27 , 2017 - full story muslim plot to bomb san francisco tourist attraction on christmas foiled christmas is a time for reflection . it is also a popular day for muslim terrorists to kill christians and jews and other muslims , too . in other words , christmas falls on a day that ends in a y and killing in allah s name never goes out of season . but allah forbid anyone attack a muslim during the ramadan , islam s holiest month that makes the so - called arab street goes crazy as does , well , anything and everything . the koran was said to have been revealed to muhammad , the founder of islam , during the month now called ramadan . anyway , everitt aaron jameson , 26 , of modesto , california , was arrested wednesday for allegedly planning a christmas day bomb attack on tourist - heavy pier 39 in san francisco . he apparently formed this plot to get back at president trump for recognizing jerusalem as israel s capital . to get into the yuletide killing spirit , jameson adopted an islamic name , to wit , abdallah abu everitt ibn gordon al - amriki . why mr . jameson , a former u . s . marine corps trainee booted out for lying about a medical condition , would think he was hurting christians by bombing san francisco , more or less ground zero for leftism and secularism in america , is unclear . he must have been indiscriminately seeking publicity for the jihadist cause so any american or non - american corpse would do . by matthew vadum - - matthew vadum - saturday , december 23 , 2017 - full story calguns seek supreme court reversal of 9 th circuit ruling bellevue , wa attorneys for the second amendment foundation and calguns foundation have filed a brief seeking u . s . supreme court review and ultimate reversal of a ruling by the u . s . ninth circuit court of appeals in their long - running challenge of california s waiting period requirement on additional firearm transactions for people who already own guns . by second amendment foundation - friday , december 22 , 2017 - full story we all live in bangladesh now akayed ullah , a bangladeshi muslim living in brooklyn , really hated christmas . he hated christmas so much that he used christmas tree lights ( along with a battery and some wire ) as a trigger for a pipe bomb . he filled the pipe bomb with screws so that when it went off , metal shrapnel would tear bloody holes through morning commuters in manhattan . wearing a hooded jacket and a backpack to cover the pipe bomb strapped to his body , ullah got on the f train at the 18 th avenue elevated subway station off little bangladesh . like the duke ellington song says , he switched over to the a train at jay street . it was early morning , but there were plenty of people riding the train . jay street is a major transit hub . but ullah was waiting to blow up somewhere else . he got off in the crush at the 42 nd - st . port authority station . here a whole lot of people can be found rushing up and down crowded staircases and shoving their way through cramped corridors . by daniel greenfield - thursday , december 21 , 2017 - full story improving cyber security in harsh environments many people don t worry about the security of their personal information until it s too late . and protecting data is even more important for military personnel , whose lives could be in danger if some types of information were to get into the wrong hands . now , one group reports in acs nano a new way to protect data , especially when it is subjected to extreme environmental conditions . by american chemical society - thursday , december 21 , 2017 - full story
source : www . thoughtcatalog . com original post date : january 21 , 2015 1 . she has an almost natural confidence about her that follows her everywhere she goes . it s not loud or abrasive or
there was once a time , long ago , when the president of the united states was a competent and intelligent person , capable of empathy and nuance . despite trump s touted business acumen , he continues to reach new heights of closed - minded xenophobia , showing himself to be unfit to represent the people of america . two days ago , during a meeting discussing immigration , trump could not be bothered to search for a compassionate understanding of refugees and immigrants , stating ( according to the washington post ) : why are we having all these people from shithole countries come here there is no question that he said this . it was confirmed by several people who were in attendance , including republican senator lindsey graham , and democratic senator dick durbin . ( kudos to trump for accidentally creating a bi - partisan agreement . ) former president bill clinton once again stepped into his new role as designated adult in the room , tweeting a mature admonition , aimed straight at donnie t . : i ve traveled and worked in haiti , and across africa and central america . the countries the president described with his epithet do not exist . some thoughts as we remember those lost in haiti eight years ago today : < URL > bill clinton ( billclinton ) january 12 , 2018 in case trump is reading this , in this context epithet means ( according to merriam - webster ) : a disparaging or abusive word or phrase . the staggering reaction to bill clinton s tweet ( in six hours , that one tweet has gotten over 14 , 000 retweets and over 62 , 000 likes ) is a symptom of a very deep problem . our country has a leadership vacuum . the current administration refuses to recognize the humanity in anyone who isn t voting for them . who doesn t deserve respect and compassion , according to our current president let s see . 1 : mexicans when mexico sends its people , they re not sending the best . they re not sending you they re sending people that have lots of problems and they re bringing those problems with us . they re bringing drugs . they re bring crime . they re rapists . and some , i assume , are good people . ( via the huffington post ) 2 : women with a small cup size a person who is flat - chested is very hard to be a 10 . ( via the new york times ) 3 : all muslim refugees donald j . trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states . ( via the washington post ) 4 : captured american soldiers [ john mccain s ] not a war hero . he s a war hero because he was captured . i like people who weren t captured . ( via the independent ) 5 : deeply troubled women they re always the best in bed you don t want to be with them for the long term . but for the short term , there s nothing like it . ( via us weekly ) 6 : parents of dead u . s . soldiers his wife , she was standing there , she had nothing to say . she probably maybe she wasn t allowed to have anything to say . ( via abc news ) 7 : americans with disabilities now the poor guy . you ought to see the guy : err , i don t know what i said . i don t remember . he s going : i don t remember . maybe that s what i said . ( via the guardian ) 8 : women , in general women : you have to treat them like shit . ( via the huffington post ) 9 : victims of the september 11 th terrorist attacks i mean , 40 wall street actually was the second - tallest building in downtown manhattan , and it was actually before the world trade center the tallest , and then when they built the world trade center it became known as the second - tallest , and now it s the tallest . ( via business insider ) 10 : speakers at the dnc i wanted to hit a couple of those speakers so hard . i would have hit them . no , no . i was going to hit them , i was all set and then i got a call from a highly respected governor i was gonna hit one guy in particular , a very little guy . i was gonna hit this guy so hard his head would spin and he wouldn t know what the hell happened i was going to hit a number of those speakers so hard their heads would spin , they d never recover . ( via the washington post ) 11 : american citizens choosing to exercise their right to protest i love the old days , you know you know what i hate there s a guy totally disruptive , throwing punches , we re not allowed punch back anymore . i d like to punch him in the face , i ll tell ya . ( via the washington post ) 12 : poor people my entire life , i ve watched politicians bragging about how poor they are , how they came from nothing , how poor their parents and grandparents were . and i said to myself , if they can stay so poor for so many generations , maybe this isn t the kind of person we want to be electing to higher office . how smart can they be they re morons . ( via the new york times ) 13 : both children and mothers i like kids . i mean , i won t do anything to take care of them . i ll supply funds , and she ll take care of the kids . ( via new york daily news ) 14 : puerto rican natural disaster victims if you look at the every death is a horror , but if you look at a real catastrophe like katrina and you look at the tremendous hundreds and hundreds of people that died and what happened here with a storm that was just totally overbearing . no one has ever seen anything like that . what is your death count ( via cnn ) 15 : widows of fallen u . s . soldiers but you know he must have known what he signed up for . ( via huffington post ) 16 : black people i think the guy is lazy . and it s probably not his fault because laziness is a trait in blacks . it really is . i believe that . ( via public congressional record ) trump s complete and total inability to truly look at situations from anyone else s perspective is horribly troubling . thank god we have statesmen willing to rise up and make a stand for common decency and compassion . featured image : getty / miami herald
the great wall of america stands between two powerful men , who believe that their way is the right way ; one is a republican and one is a democrat . donald trump built his entire 2016 presidential campaign around the idea of a huge wall that would barricade u . s . citizens from its southern neighbors . now , he and senate minority leader chuck schumer are using the wall and the lives of 800 , 000 dreamers as bargaining chips . the senator agreed to give trump 25 billion to build his wall if he would agree to protect daca ( deferred action for childhood arrivals ) recipients , a law that would protect the children who were brought to the u . s . by their undocumented parents . although most of these people came across the southern border , a polish physician was just ejected after living here for 40 years . when schumer found that trump reneged on the deal , he pulled back the funding for the wall . the president was furious . he tweeted : cryin chuck schumer fully understands , especially after his humiliating defeat , that if there is no wall , there is no daca . we must have safety and security , together with a strong military , for our great people this is no small matter . imagine the optics of between 700 , 000 to 800 , 000 young people being ripped from the only country they have ever known and returned to a place where they may not even know the language . what exactly is daca , and who are the dreamers many use these terms interchangeably , but they are not identical . according to the guardian : daca is a federal government program created in 2012 under barack obama to allow people brought to the us illegally as children the temporary right to live , study and work in america . those applying are vetted for any criminal history or threat to national security and must be students or have completed school or military service . if they pass vetting , action to deport them is deferred for two years , with a chance to renew , and they become eligible for basics like a driving license , college enrollment or a work permit . those protected by daca are known as dreamers : by the time trump announced his decision to rescind the program , 787 , 580 had been granted approval . to apply , they must have been younger than 31 on 15 june 2012 , when the program began , and undocumented , lacking legal immigration status . they must have arrived in the us before turning 16 and lived there continuously since june 2007 . most dreamers are from mexico , el salvador , guatemala and honduras and the largest numbers live in california , texas , florida and new york . they range in age from 15 to 36 , according to the white house . schumer told reporters tuesday , according to abc news : we re going to have to start on a new basis , and the wall offer s off the table , schumer . in addition to trump , there is another problem with the daca and not - so - great - wall issue . even if the senate gets enough votes to pass a bill for the wall and for daca , it must go through the house . although the house only needs a simple majority ( over half ) to pass , this side of the legislature is far more complex and difficult . republicans hold the majority in both the senate and the house . that leaves democrats with little leverage . in the event a law passes , trump still has to sign it , and he has changed his mind about the issue numerous times . featured image via getty image .
two black leaders who were prevented from demonstrating outside the smithsonian african - american history museum against a decades - long genocide carried out against black children through abortion resolved a free - speech case against the federal government in their favor . rev . clenard h . childress jr . , pastor of a black church in the newark , new jersey , area , and jacqueline hawkins , director minority outreach for the non - profit center for bio - ethical reform , filed suit after an official with the national museum of african american history and culture in washington , d . c . , and uniformed police officers from the office of protection services told them they could not stand outside the museum with their sign . the protest in february was part of a project by the center for bio - ethical reform , or cbr , that uses photo - mural exhibits and literature to demonstrate the devastation of abortion s consequences on the african american community . like the reporting you see here sign up for free news alerts from wnd . com , america s independent news network . the parties filed a settlement aug . 30 in which the federal government formally acknowledged that the public sidewalks forming the perimeter of the national museum of african american history and culture are available for first amendment activity . the government also agreed to pay attorney s fees to the nonprofit american freedom law center , which represented the protesters . robert muise , aflc co - founder and senior counsel , said there was no question that our clients had a clear right under the first amendment to engage in their peaceful , non - obstructive free speech activity on the public sidewalks outside of this museum . the government was wrong for denying our clients that right , and they knew it , he said . the other plaintiffs in the lawsuit were cbr and its executive director , gregg cunningham , who was standing by during the incident . childress and hawkins , who direct the cbr project targeting the history museum , testified that when they were told they could not stand outside the museum with their sign , childress responded that they were on a public sidewalk . the senior ops officer warned the two that if they did not move to a remote location across the street , he and his fellow officers would physically move them . the officer also warned that they would be subject to arrest . rather than face arrest or physical force , childress and hawkins followed the officer s order . in june , aflc filed a federal lawsuit in federal court in washington against the museum , ops and several federal officials . shortly after the lawsuit was filed , the justice department contacted aflc attorneys , who confirmed the protesters first amendment rights and stated the federal government wanted to settle the case . david yerushalmi , aflc co - founder and senior counsel , asserted that in addition to being a gross violation of our clients fundamental rights , the actions of the museum officials and their armed security demonstrate the hypocrisy of the left . progressives claim to be for diversity and tolerance , but if you don t march in lockstep with their narrative , they use force and the threat of force to shut you down , he said . here , we were able to use the federal courts to turn that narrative on its head . the suit alleged violations of the first and fifth amendments as well as the federal religious freedom restoration act . disproportionate harm among the signs held by the protesters was one pointing out that while black women are 11 percent of the population , they are victims in 36 percent of abortions . they contend planned parenthood and abortion care have suppressed the black vote more effectively that poll taxes , literacy tests , voter id requirements , and ku klux klan lynchings combined . the signs point out that by 2014 , 18 million african - american babies had been killed , calling it a black genocide . the lawsuit asserted the museum hides from its visitors the fact that abortion is disproportionately harming the african american community and celebrates supporters of abortion . they noted that the museum promotes the black lives matter movement , which the protesters describe as viciously pro - abortion . and they pointed to the museum s celebration of justice thurgood marshall , the first african - american to serve on the u . s . supreme court , who was pro - abortion , while completely ignoring current justice clarence thomas , who is pro - life . like the reporting you see here sign up for free news alerts from wnd . com , america s independent news network .
women s march on the pentagon an interview with cindy sheehan since the dems took control of the house in 2007 , the antiwar movement has been pitiful . ag : cindy sheehan , i understand that you ve started organizing a women s march on the pentagon . why cs : yes , ann , thank you . i m beginning to organize a women ' s march on the pentagon because since 2007 , when nancy pelosi and the democrats regained a majority in the house of representatives , there has been an incomprehensible absence of protesting the usa ' s wars and empire . after obama took over as president , the antiwar movement all but died . now we have these huge women ' s marches , climate marches , and so forth , but many of us think that one cannot separate the global emancipation of women , or the destruction of our planet from the issue of war . i feel that instead of beating our heads against a wall to call on these liberal marches to address the issue , we should do what we can to do so ourselves . ag : have you set a date yet cs : we haven t set a date yet , but there are some significant dates coming up . october 7 will be the anniversary of the us invasion of afghanistan in 2001 and the afghanistan war is now the longest running war in u . s . history . also , october 21 will be the 51 st anniversary of the march on the pentagon to confront the war makers organized by the national mobilization committee to end the war in vietnam . ag : and what will you do if rachel maddow and the rest of the corporate media start shrieking that only kremlin tools would organize a march on the pentagon the women ' s march on the pentagon will not be a get - out - the - vote rally for the democrat half of the war party . cs : well , considering that rachel maddow and the rest of the corporate media are tools of the pentagon , i wouldn t be surprised if they did start shrieking about " kremlin tools " organizing a march on the pentagon . of course these days everything s russia s fault , and i m sure that the midterm elections in november of this year will create a lot of liberal push back against this march on the pentagon . unlike the previous climate marches and women ' s marches , the women ' s march on the pentagon will not be a get - out - the - vote rally for the democrat half of the war party . but we really need to highlight that war and peace is not a liberal or conservative issue ; it s a survival issue . and of course we have to be ready for the slings and arrows of people like rachel maddow and the corporate media because that s the way it always is , but the more attention we get for our cause the better . ag : in the current environment , with twitter , facebook , and the youtube all submitting to governmental pressure to curtail dissent and promote russophobia , do you have a backup social media plan cs : since we are just starting to organize it , i think people should keep on checking facebook for the women s march on the pentagon . of course cindy sheehan s soapbox will have information . we ll probably put a website together . but to circumvent this twitter , facebook , youtube collaboration with the federal government , we have to go back to organizing the old - fashioned way , including e - mail . and when i call e - mail old - fashioned , that shows how far we ve come , but over 100 , 000 people got to the march on the pentagon to confront the war makers in 1967 , and more than 500 , 000 people got to the vietnam moratorium march on washington in 1969 without social media . the organizers used face - to - face contact . they handed out flyers , went to events and called friends and family to promote it . and we will use social media . there are some new ones coming out that are thus far more free of government censorship . to circumvent the twitter , facebook , youtube collaboration with the federal government , we have to go back to organizing the old - fashioned way , including e - mail . ag : will you be suggesting that marchers wear their pink pussy hats or do you have another insignia in mind cs : ha i think people should wear whatever color , or kind of hat they like . i prefer my hats to be more the style of commandante fidel or ch , myself . seriously though , i was told by one of the people close to the women ' s march that the issue of war would never be addressed as long as women aren ' t free . she was of course talking about only white american women , apparently , because the war at home and the wars abroad kill or oppress thousands of women and their families every year . no woman can be " free " if any woman is oppressed by the us empire , anywhere in the world . true solidarity means solidarity with all women . the pink pussy hat is also a symbol of anti - trump sentiment . i think most of us agree that it ' s proper to be anti - trump , but the women ' s march on the pentagon will recognize that the issue of war and peace is , unfortunately , non - partisan . ag : i ve heard rumblings about a men s counter march with big dick hats to support of the pentagon . will you be conducting nonviolent resistance training to prepare for that cs : yes . ever since my son casey was killed in iraq on april 04 , 2004 , there have been counter protests at our antiwar events , and even though no one wore a " big dick hat , " they may as well have . isn t war the ultimate expression of " my dick is bigger than yours " the war at home and the wars abroad kill or oppress thousands of women and their families every year . ag : today there are reports that a total of 4 . 2 million people may have attended the women s marches in 60 different cities last saturday . most of their focus has been on electoral politics , pro democrat and anti - trump . big donors have given hundreds of millions of dollars to support the march and the staffing and operations of various participating organizations since trump was elected . a march that challenges the war machine couldn t hope to raise a fraction of that much funding , so what would you consider a success cs : like i said above , since the dems took control of the house in 2007 , the antiwar movement has been pitiful . the numbers have dwindled from millions on the eve of the destruction of iraq in 2003 , to dozens , or hundreds now ( if we are lucky ) . i have stopped measuring success by numbers . so , the women s march turned out 4 . 5 million people what systemic change will occur we know that no systemic change will occur as a consequence of re - electing democratic party majorities . i would love to see 5000 people at a women ' s march on the pentagon , but who knows success for me would also be a cross - section of demographics in attendance . the one thing we can never forget is , " trump ' s finger is on the nuclear trigger . " ann garrison is an independent journalist based in the san francisco bay area . in 2014 , she received the victoire ingabire umuhoza democracy and peace prize for her reporting on conflict in the african great lakes region . she can be reached at anngarrison or [ email protected ] cindy sheehan is a peace and social justice activist whose son casey was killed in iraq in 2004 . she ' s the author of seven books and is the host and executive producer of the podcast cindy sheehan ' s soapbox which is entering its 10 th year .
centrist politics are ruling class politics , not martin luther king s democrats have been a reliable source of fake progressivism and real imperial policy . the era of trump has been described by the us corporate media as an extreme deviation from the centrist politics of mainstream democrats and even many republicans . the republican party has for decades provided a reliable home for white racists . republicans gained this reputation for their overt policy attacks on women , blacks , and undocumented immigrants . ample room was left for democrats to court the support of unions , black leaders , and immigration advocates under the tent of wall street and war . democrats aligned themselves with the political ideology of centrism , which was born from the bowels of the neo - liberal stage of capitalism centrism thrived in the neo - liberal political environment . unions were broken up and their leadership bought off . new opportunities for political advancement for a small section of black america buttressed the explosion of the mass incarceration regime designed specifically for the black poor . both republicans and democrats subscribed to tough on crime and counter - terror positions to erect the most expansive and technologically advanced police - state known to man . austerity ravaged the public sector and siphoned what little social safety net was available for the poor into the coffers of banks and corporations . these conditions arrested the political development of the masses and the battle of ideas was temporarily lost to the ruling class . both republicans and democrats subscribed to tough on crime and counter - terror positions to erect the most expansive and technologically advanced police - state known to man . the basis for centrism was laid . centrism normalized the policy manifestations of wall street s fleecing of the poor and working masses both in the us and outside of it . the political center represented the enlightened faction of the ruling class . centrism bore the fruits of the fall of the soviet union and the socialist bloc . without a political and economic challenge to its rule , wall street financiers and monopolists found increased space to dominate the sphere of ideology . neo - liberal and neo - conservative economists , politicians , and strategists marketed the destruction of the public sector , the erection of the police - state , and the declaration of endless war as policies that benefitted the national interests of all americans . the political center prevented the illusion of democracy from collapsing by setting aside certain issues that were left open for debate . these issues included the question of women s reproductive rights , the rights of lGbtQ people , and the degree to which the rich would become richer through the us tax code . to this day , neo - liberals have largely co - opted these issues into tax - deductions in the form of non - profits while the right has strongly opposed any impediment to the white , patriarchal rule of the rich . the last forty years of inter - ruling class debate around these issues has brought little material benefit to the masses . it has , however , allowed so - called centrists to rationalize the exploitation of the poor and oppressed by privileging rationality and reason over justice . the ruling class depicts king as one of those political moderates he railed so much against during his time as an activist . in the neo - liberal era , rationality and reason have often been attributed to democrats . democrats have been a reliable source of fake progressivism and real imperial policy . they have diligently worked for wall street and the war - makers while claiming to stand on the side of justice when it comes to questions of race and gender equality . democrats and their non - profit industrial complex have given leadership roles to women and black americans . none of these cosmetic changes have come at the expense of wall street or corporate profits . in fact , democrats have been the staunchest advocates of policies such as the deregulation of wall street and tough on crime measures . these policies have enriched the profits of the 1 percent at the expense of millions of poor , especially black , families across the us . martin luther king jr s political legacy has been wrapped up in the ruling class effort to advertise its political project as reasonable , logical , and centrist in character . each year , martin luther king jr s birthday is celebrated in the us to remind the masses that progress is in fact possible . the ruling class depicts king as one of those political moderates he railed so much against during his time as an activist . his leadership in the civil rights movement is heralded for making us imperialism a truly representative democracy for black america , leading to the rise of political figures like barack obama . such a depiction of king buries his true legacy and legitimizes the existence of centrist politics . yet if king were alive today , he would certainly criticize the political representatives of centrism as something worse than even the white moderates he so derided early in his political life for their inability to stand up to injustice with any conviction or courage . by the end of his life , king s politics were transformed by both the imperialist war in vietnam and the rebellions led by black americans in cities across the us . he called the us government the greatest purveyor of violence around the world and cited materialism , racism , and militarism as the most pressing problems for the future of humanity . king went on to denounce the so - called centrist johnson administration s role in the war and organize the poor peoples campaign . there is nothing left to expect from us imperialism but war and austerity . in 1999 , the suspicions of many were confirmed by a memphis jury when it ruled that the us government was guilty of conspiracy in the assassination of martin luther king jr . king had fallen under the watchful eye of the Fbi s cointelpro apparatus well before he was assassinated in 1968 . cointelpro s architect , j . edgar hoover , was obsessed with suppressing king s leadership and attempted to pressure him to commit suicide before plotting his assassination . king was one of many black freedom fighters to be harassed , murdered , or imprisoned by the us government for political reasons . it was under the leadership of a so - called centrist presidency that king s murder was orchestrated . king s legacy is instructive in the era of trump . what is being witnessed now is the collapse of centrism under the weight of crisis . the days when us imperialism could institute meaningful reforms to appease sections of the working and oppressed masses have long passed . there is nothing left to expect from us imperialism but war and austerity . the increasingly impoverished masses struggle to survive and fear the next economic crash that disposes of their jobs or their homes . deep feelings of resentment directly led to trump s ascendency . the orange billionaire magnate took advantage of the divided , crumbling two - party duopoly to fill a political vacuum regardless of whether he wanted to or not . it was under the leadership of a so - called centrist presidency that king s murder was orchestrated . more decay and collapse can be expected if the politics of centrism are in command of us society . if centrism means democratic party in the us , then centrism is a ruling class ideology . the time has come to walk in the steps of king and denounce the ideology based on the conditions it produces and not the ideology s proximity to some idealized white supremacist , fascist apocalypse . us imperialism is a system ruled by monopoly and finance capital . it has concentrated wealth to the greatest extent seen in human history . the politics of centrism have proven time and again to be complicit with such an arrangement . democratic party - led centrism does not feed the hungry , it starves them . centrism doesn t employ the unemployed ; it subsidizes monopolies and automates existing jobs . it doesn t free the incarcerated , it builds more cages . centrism doesn t bring peace , it drops more bombs . the fight against the triple evils of materialism ( capitalism ) , racism , and war is a fight against centrism . when the corporate media laments that the center is collapsing , we should not lament with them but prepare to take advantage of a new opportunity to develop revolutionary consciousness . there is no better way to follow in the footsteps of martin luther king jr . then to ensure that the center s collapse means the rise of revolution . danny haiphong is an activist and journalist in the new york city area . he can be reached at [ email protected ]
freedom rider : robert mercer rules an ultra - rich right winger put trump in the white house and now controls the country s political agenda . if it can be said that any one person is responsible for donald trump s election then robert mercer is the clear choice . the founder of renaissance technologies hedge fund is a billionaire , backer of republican politicians to the tune of 25 million in 2016 , and patron of the effort to take the united kingdom out of the european union . when trump s campaign was foundering under the onslaught of hillary clinton s 1 billion , mercer brought him a lifeline of cash and staff like steve bannon . the corporate media have said far too little about mercer s influence , preferring to create elaborate scenarios of russian government interference . vladimir putin is the scapegoat for democratic party chicanery and incompetence and is a perennial target because he insists on acting in his country s interests . the mercer story is a secret hiding in plain sight . it is the stuff of spy thrillers but it is all too real . an ultra - rich right winger put trump in the white house and now controls the country s political agenda . according to a former mercer employee he is not just conservative . he is an outspoken racist too . david magerman says that mercer told him the following : the united states began to go in the wrong direction after the passage of the civil rights act in the 1960 s ; african - americans were doing fine in the late 50 s and early 60 s before the civil rights act ; the civil rights act infantilized african americans by making them dependent on government and removing any incentive to work ; the only racist people remaining in the u . s . are black ; and white people have no racial animus toward african - americans anymore , and if there is any , it s not something the government should be concerned with . mercer is not just conservative ; he is an outspoken racist . mercer certainly isn t forcing trump to do anything he doesn t want . the two are in sync politically and ideologically . not only are the two racists , but they want to reduce government to the size of a pinhead . a man who hates black people and wants to destroy any governmental authority is the one who made good on the white american yearning for their very own president . trump is still a highly sought after mercer prize . when steve bannon was identified as a source for the recent book fire and fury he was immediately and very publicly cut off from mercer s largesse . after attacking trump , bannon is a now a nonperson in the eyes of his former boss . the ultra - rich far right have reached their holy grail . they have gotten more from trump than from any other republican but one wouldn t know that from reading a newspaper . the corporate media say hardly a word about the man who is most responsible for trump s presidency and who intends to get rid of as much governmental power as he possibly can . trump has already dismantled net neutrality , appointed cabinet officers who destroy the work of their respective agencies and uses every opportunity to pull obamacare apart piece by piece . the recent tax bill accelerated the bipartisan effort to give rich people even more money and in so doing starve the government of revenue . as for mercer , he s happy if people don t trust the government . and if the president s a bozo he s fine with that . he wants it all to fall down . the corporate media say hardly a word about the man who is most responsible for trump s presidency . it must be pointed out that democrats have played their own role in destroying an array of governmental protections . bill clinton did away with the right to public assistance and was on the verge of a deal with newt gingrich to privatize social security . barack obama bailed out the banks , extended the bush era tax cuts for the wealthy and began governmental austerity that cut the budget of every federal agency . one would think that mercer would be a target of democratic party ire but his name goes unmentioned . he is a problem for them because they have done in small steps what he is doing in one fell swoop . the democrats are happily beholden to rich people too . they have had a sort of deal wherein they do the minimum to fight for more inclusive policies while they also do the bidding of banks , big pharma , school privatizers and any other interest group who will pay for their loyalty . but mercer and trump have cut out the middle man . they have the power to gut it all . the people are at the mercy of the far right and have no effective political opposition . margaret kimberley s freedom rider column appears weekly in bar , and is widely reprinted elsewhere . she maintains a frequently updated blog as well at < URL > . ms . kimberley lives in new york city , and can be reached via e - mail at margaret . kimberley ( at ) blackagendareport . com
daca joins the mad rush to war measured in military dollars , the democratic leadership is more warlike than the trump administration . the top democrats in congress have transformed daca , the effort to protect 800 , 000 childhood immigrants from deportation , into a gargantuan funding measure for the pentagon . this past weekend , senate democratic leader charles schumer offered to fully fund donald trump s border wall and boost defense spending far above what the white house requested , in a deal to end the government shutdown . the military budget signed into law in december was already 30 billion higher than the white house asked for , and 80 billion bigger than the previous year s war spending - - an increase as large as russia s entire defense budget . it is democratic congressional leadership - - not donald trump and his mad generals - - that has been the driving force in this year s military spending insanity . back in july , house democratic leader nancy pelosi pressured her party to back a defense authorization 57 . 4 billion bigger than the pentagon requested . only a minority of democratic house members supported the measure , but a majority of the congressional black caucus ( cbc ) followed pelosi s lead - - including all five of the newest members of the black caucus , elected in 2016 . by inflating the war budget even beyond the pentagon s demands , these pelosi - schumer - cbc democrats ensured that what remains of the social safety net will be slashed into oblivion by bipartisan forces of austerity in future congresses . house democratic leader nancy pelosi pressured her party to back a defense authorization 57 . 4 billion bigger than the pentagon requested . the bernie sanders faction of the party is just as guilty , through its shameful silence on war . this group includes our revolution , whose purportedly progressive agenda suggests only that they would take a hard look at the pentagon s budget and the priorities it has established . the imperial fist is inexorably crushing the domestic welfare agencies of government . the democrats task in this infernal process is to coax their constituents to swallow the satan s sandwiches that emerge from congress - - as suggested by black kansas city rep . emanuel cleaver back in 2011 , when barack obama was presenting his grand bargain to the republicans . having put all entitlements on the table for cutting at the start of his presidency , obama proceeded to wage expensive wars against seven countries . his grand bargain offered even larger social cuts than the republicans demanded , before finally unraveling in the morass of capitol hill . democratic leadership is still seeking that bargain with the gop , knowing full well that it will be paid for by more austerity for people s programs . daca becomes the excuse to funnel additional tens of billions to the pentagon . the result is both predictable and intended : the military budget expands to consume ever greater proportions of federal discretionary spending - - that is , moneys not locked into mandated programs like social security . finally , the public is told there is no choice but to tap into social security , medicaid and medicare - - as obama signaled at very the beginning of his presidency , and attempted to pull off in his first term in office . schumer and pelosi have been throwing money at the pentagon with abandon this year because both wings of the war party ( democrat and republican ) are anxious to maintain the momentum of obama s global military offensive , after the unexpected defeat of the reliable warmonger , hillary clinton . that s why , measured in military dollars , the democratic leadership is more warlike than the trump administration . not trusting trump to keep the pressure on moscow , beijing and any other threat to u . s . hegemony , the bipartisan political servants of empire flood the pentagon with money and poison the political discourse with russiagate . although there are clear conflicts within the u . s . ruling class , in general the lords of capital appear at this juncture to be more concerned with terrorizing the world than maintaining domestic peace . schumer and pelosi were instructed , accordingly . both wings of the war party are anxious to maintain the momentum of obama s global military offensive . the democrats cynicism is boundless . daca , which has great political value to a key constituency but no monetary price tag , becomes the excuse to funnel additional tens of billions to the pentagon - - on top of previous increases - - while enhancing democratic election prospects in 2018 and 2020 . the democrats can be expected to repeat the formula . if not daca , any symbolic program will suffice as a political battle flag to rally the various party constituencies while simultaneously boosting the flow of cash to the war machine . and they ll call it resistance . but it s the kind of resistance that is useless when , as dr . martin luther king observed , the demonic destructive suction tube of war spending comes to claim its ever - larger share of the budget . bar executive editor glen ford can be contacted at [ email protected ] .
back in 1857 the us supreme court , in response to the lawsuit of one dred scott , a slave suing for his freedom , ruled that nobody of african descent had any legal right under the us constitution th
we appreciate your help click here to donate cateGOries cateGOries select category 9 / 11 censored allen west cair nazis children donald trump enemywithin - america enemywithin - foreign halal slaughter islam and the jews islam in america islam in public schools islam nOt islamic britain islamization of the west islamObama islamomania jihad this just the facts laughing at islam military stories muslim animal abuse muslim hate hoaxes muslim invaders muslims against islam muslims vs muslims never hire a muslim persecution of christians pro - america muslims religion of hate say what uncategorized women
c0 - founder of sjp , hatem bazian , a professor at the university of california at berkeley ( uc berkeley ) calls for an intifada ( mass killing of jews ) in the united states . some of bazian s retweets that fixate on the holocaust include comparisons between israeli soldiers and nazis , between gaza and a nazi extermination camp and
of course , fast food is convenient and we all love french fries , but we should not be eating the one from here . i know life can be a bit hectic but our health is extremely important . mcdonald s
ineffectual negotiator and current president donald trump is attempting to go toe - to - toe with giants of american politics . considering he has absolutely no experience in policy or public service ( and a less - than - stellar understanding of deal making ) , it s likely that trump s political influence will drop off a cliff . stepping up to the plate is rep . john lewis , a storied statesman who famously marched and spoke alongside martin luther king , jr . and was instrumental in securing equal rights for minorities . this formidable man has had enough of lightweight donald trump s inability to close a deal . this morning , rep . lewis drew a line in the sand . via cnn : well , i , for one , will not vote for government funding until we get a deal on daca . watch the entire interview below : what s daca again here s a quick primer , sourced from vox . com : daca ( which stands for deferred action for childhood arrivals ) is a program that began in 2012 . the general concept is that children who arrived in the u . s . before they were 16 , often referred to as dreamers , should be granted protection from deportation for a period of two years and also be given a pathway to citizenship . but not every immigrant qualifies . all daca recipients must : have arrived in the u . s . before 2007 , be younger than 31 as of june 2012 , have nearly spotless criminal records , and have a high school diploma ( or be currently enrolled in high school ) . about 1 . 3 million people would qualify for daca . around 800 , 000 are currently a part of the program . these are real people , with real lives : i just met a dreamer who came from mexico at age 6 , graduated top of his class , and is now an aerospace engineer . he s scheduled to be deported soon . my mom s parents came from mexico at ages 3 and 11 . my story isn t possible without them . trump s america is not my america . mike levin ( mikelevinca ) january 13 , 2018 dreamer fatima diaz came to the u . s . at 11 months of age . she ' s now a full - time student at sacramento state . " i get up , i go to school , and i pledge allegiance to the flag like everyone else . " it ' s time for congress to pass the dreamactnOw . pic . twitter . com / yqc3k3mcbt assembly democrats ( assemblydems ) january 11 , 2018 last night it was an honor to meet with renata , a dreamer from morris county , nj whose life has been upended by the uncertainty over the daca program . renata has been in the us since she was a child . pic . twitter . com / h5vqotgaZ1 rep . frank pallone ( frankpallone ) january 11 , 2018 trump s dismantling of daca will go into full force soon . and hundreds of thousands of people who have only known america as their home will be deported back to countries they have no memory of . according to cbs news , an overwhelming majority of americans understand the moral duty of caring for dreamers : meanwhile , trump seems to be actively sabotaging every single bipartisan solution . his latest comment shows the administration s lack of commitment to addressing this issue . daca is probably dead because the democrats don t really want it , they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our military . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 14 , 2018 just this week , trump spectacularly failed at negotiating a solution . the situation is so dire that hordes of republicans are leaning on trump to do the right thing . republican governor john kasich : the senate must pass a clean daca bill immediately , then send it to the house and the president . enough is enough . we can t continue to hold these dreamers hostage . john kasich ( johnkasich ) january 13 , 2018 republican senator jeff flake , on today s this week : i can tell you i ve been negotiating and working with democrats on immigration for 17 years and on this issue , on daca or on the dream act for a number of years , and the democrats are negotiating in good faith . given trump s history of accepting a daca deal and then making a fickle announcement that he s suddenly changed his mind , there s no reason to believe that trump will be the conduit to a substantial solution . democrats are uniting around something with purpose protecting dreamers . and since the clock is running out to find a solution , drastic measures must be taken . easy message for democrats : we will not fund the deportation of 800 , 000 young americans who ve been here since they were born we will not fund a government that ends health insurance for 9 million kids we will not fund a government that pays for more weapons by cutting education jon favreau ( jonfavs ) january 14 , 2018 rep . lewis stared down the kkk , withstood physical racial violence , and actually delivered on promises to protect the forgotten . trump used his daddy s money to pay women for sex and build a shaky business empire . the odds appear to be stacked against injustice this time ; the smart money s on lewis . featured image : getty / monica morgan
by mac on thu , january 25 , 2018 , 8 : 09 by common sense on thu , january 25 , 2018 , 6 : 17 by marler blog on thu , january 25 , 2018 , 2 : 01 irrefutable , undeniable proof that mercury is stiLL used in vaccines injected into children by the daily sheeple on wed , january 24 , 2018 , 17 : 10
the democrats have perverted the electoral franchise of the nation s most progressive constituency to the service of a global war machine and an all - pervasive national security state .
money if the united states experiences a horrifying economic collapse ( and it most definitely will ) , will that cause a complete and total collapse of society will we experience crime , violence , riots and social unrest on a scale that is unprecedented in u . s . history before you dismiss such notions as utter foolishness
by john rolls on thu , january 25 , 2018 , 8 : 18 by intelligence briefings on tue , january 23 , 2018 , 18 : 20 by n . morgan on wed , january 24 , 2018 , 4 : 08 by silveristhenew on thu , january 25 , 2018 , 6 : 58 by jeffery pritchett on thu , january 25 , 2018 , 5 : 45 by knarlydawg on thu , january 25 , 2018 , 4 : 59 by jeffery pritchett on thu , january 25 , 2018 , 4 : 46 obama s the greatest criminal in history say trump and joe arpaio because he forged his birth certificate ( video ) by king of shambhala on thu , january 25 , 2018 , 1 : 36
4 ways olive oil improves your health backed by science headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next by jeremiah johnson so , the holidays are effectively behind us . now it s time to get back to the business of eating healthy foods and staying in good shape . easier said than done , i know : but an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure in this regard . if you make such steps part of your everyday routine , then they become much more than just a routine : they become a way of life . the most important piece of equipment that you need for surviving and preparations is a healthy you . that being said , let s discuss olive oil . plenty of nutrients , and plenty of benefits . nutrients include fat , calcium , and vitamins e and k . olive oil is packed with essential fatty acids , such as oleic ( 55 - 85 of the oil ) , linoleic ( 9 ) , and linolenic ( up to 1 . 5 ) . the first is monounsaturated , and the latter two polyunsaturated . all of these are heart - healthy , without any trans fats ( that clog the arteries ) , as it has not been hydrogenated . the best type of olive oil and it s proven benefits the best olive oil is extra - virgin , coming from a cold pressed olive . olive oil contains phenols , and these are powerful , disease - combatting antioxidants . as we have explained in other article , antioxidants combat free radicals , which are atoms and / or molecules missing a hydrogen ion . the free radicals are responsible for oxidation , and the deterioration of cellular structures . these processes are assigned to aging in the human body . must reaD : massive fake olive oil empire created by none other than the mob combats antioxidants the antioxidants combat this by donating extra hydrogen ions to the free radicals and thereby neutralizing their abilities to cannibalize a hydrogen ion from healthy cells . taking a look at the world , cancer rates are higher in northern europe than in the mediterranean and southern europe , where olive oil is a regular part of the diet . the same is indicated in the united states , and citizens of northern european extraction tend to have higher incidences of cancer , especially in the stomach and intestinal tract . raises good cholesterol polyphenols raise hDl ( the good cholesterol ) while lowering ldl ( the bad cholesterol ) , and triglycerides in the bloodstream . this helps to lower the risk of developing heart problems and diseases of the arteries . it contains omega - 3 fatty acids that are beneficial to the joints and can prevent problems with arthritis . all of these things mentioned have to do with consumption of olive oil with food . great for food preparation olive oil is also good to cook with and to put in foods and salads . it is excellent for use with oils in any kinds of infusions . i use it as a base and then mix into it pure vitamin e , and then add just a bit of lemon oil . this is very beneficial for the skin and the lips , and simple to make as simple as pouring all of the ingredients i mentioned into a bottle and shaking it up . can benefit pets your pets can benefit from the use of olive oil , as if you dab a cotton ball with it , you can control ear mites inside of your pet s ears the olive oil suffocates the mites if you apply it lightly to the outer ear canal . you can also use it to clean and soften the toe - pads and feet of the pets . it also works on ticks : coat them with it , and they won t be able to breathe , and they ll let go less dangerous than burning them off or squeezing them so their mouthparts may stay in the skin . try it out . it can be used medicinally , as a soothing base for an oil , or simply on a salad and in your food . it s been around for a long time , and it works . it is more healthy for you than the processed , hydrogenated oils that are little more than facilitators of illness and heart attack . you ll be able to find it in virtually any grocery store or health food store . try it out you ll like it , and it ll do you some good in many ways . jj out explore our many articles on olive oil jeremiah johnson is the nom de plume of a retired green beret of the united states army special forces ( airborne ) . mr . johnson was a special forces medic , emt and acls - certified , with comprehensive training in wilderness survival , rescue , and patient - extraction . he is a certified master herbalist and a graduate of the global college of natural medicine of santa ana , ca . a graduate of the u . s . army s survival course of sere school ( survival evasion resistance escape ) , mr . johnson also successfully completed the montana master food preserver course for home - canning , smoking , and dehydrating foods . best paleo cookbook for beginners ( ad ) mr . johnson dries and tinctures a wide variety of medicinal herbs taken by wild crafting and cultivation , in addition to preserving and canning his own food . an expert in land navigation , survival , mountaineering , and parachuting as trained by the united states army , mr . johnson is an ardent advocate for preparedness , self - sufficiency , and long - term disaster sustainability for families . he and his wife survived hurricane katrina and its aftermath . cross - trained as a special forces engineer , he is an expert in supply , logistics , transport , and long - term storage of perishable materials , having incorporated many of these techniques plus some unique innovations in his own homestead . mr . johnson brings practical , tested experience firmly rooted in formal education to his writings and to our team . he and his wife live in a cabin in the mountains of western montana with their three cats . this information has been made available by ready nutrition let s block ads ( why ) source : < URL > r / naturalblaze / 3 / ysqa - Zw9w_u / olive - oil - health - science . html
irrefutable , undeniable proof that mercury is still used in vaccines injected into children of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next because there has been a malicious disinformation effort to convince doctors , nurses and the public that vaccines given to children don t contain mercury , i m posting this letter from the state of california health and human services agency as proof that mercury is still injected into children via vaccines . as you can see from the letter , authored by secretary diana s . dooley and dated october 9 , 2015 , when california ran out of mercury - free vaccines , approval was granted to inject children with mercury - laced vaccines containing thimerosal , a mercury - based preservative chemical . in the words of diana s . dooley : i am granting a temporary exemption from california health and safety code section 124172 for seasonal influenza vaccine with trace levels of thimerosal to be administered to children younger than three years from october 9 , 2015 through december 31 , 2015 , because the current supply of thimerosal - free vaccine for young children is inadequate read the full letter yourself at this link . ( pdf ) or read the full text of the letter , below . as further proof that mercury has not been removed from vaccines , note that there is no federal law or fda ruling that requires the removal of mercury from vaccines . mercury is still legal to use in vaccines , and in fact as you ll see in the california letter , it s still deliberately used in vaccine injections administered to children . this is not in dispute . anyone who is not aware of these facts is uninformed . at any moment , any state health authority can simply declare it s okay to use mercury vaccines on children , just as happened in california . there is no federal law preventing it whatsoever . these orders may , in fact , be made entirely without public knowledge or any attempt by state officials to inform the public . thimerosal is made with mercury ; it s purpose is to kill living things ( which is why it s added as a preservative ) thimerosal , of course , always contains mercury . thus , the state of california admits that injecting children with mercury in vaccines is perfectly acceptable to governmentwhen the mercury - free vaccines run out . and guess what happens in an influenza crisis the mercury - free vaccines run out . all of a sudden millions ( or possibly tens of millions of children across the country ) are targeted for mercury injections , even as we re told by the fake news media that there s no mercury in vaccines . that s as ignorant as claiming there s no letter v in the word vaccines . mercury , of course , is a brain - damaging toxic heavy metal . no medically trained individual ( who isn t a pawn for the vaccine industry ) disputes that . mercury kills things , which is why it s added to vaccines in the first place as a preservative . a preservative in this context means something that kills living organisms ( such as bacteria that might contaminate multi - use vaccine vials ) . thus , if mercury wasn t toxic to living cells , it would have no use as a vaccine preservative . when i tested the flu shot via icp - ms , it was found to contain over 50 , 000 ppb mercury for further proof that flu shots contain mercury , consider the icp - ms ( mass spec ) lab test i conducted in 2014 . that lab test revealed flu shots contain a 25 , 000 higher concentration of mercury than the legal limit of mercury in drinking water set by the epa . no one has ever refuted that mass spec analysis . in fact , it was confirmed by vaccine pushers who said thimerosal is listed right on the label , so of course the vaccine contains mercury . well that s my whole point . they just confirmed it yet again . flu shots given to children contain mercury . people who say they don t are either : 1 ) ridiculously ignorant of the facts , or 2 ) deliberately lying . or , perhaps , they might be mercury damaged themselves . while there is vigorous scientific debate over whether mercury , aluminum , msg , formaldehyde and antibiotics in vaccines causes autism , there is no debate whatsoever that these ingredients are routinely used in vaccines . even the cdc openly admits it . read the full letter from california secretary of health and human services : state of california health and human services agency october 9 , 2015 diana s . dooley secretary the honorable kevin de leon president pro tempore state capitol , room 205 sacramento , ca 95814 the honorable toni g . atkins speaker of the assembly state capitol , room 219 sacramento , ca 95814 the honorable jean fuller senate republican leader state capitol , room 305 sacramento , ca 95814 the honorable kristin olsen assembly republican leader state capitol sacramento , ca 95814 dear senate pro tem de leon , assembly speaker atkins , senate republican leader fuller , and assembly republican leader olsen : i am writing to inform you that i am granting a temporary exemption from california health and safety code section 124172 for seasonal influenza vaccine with trace levels of thimerosal to be administered to children younger than three years from october 9 , 2015 through december 31 , 2015 , because the current supply of thimerosal - free vaccine for young children is inadequate . this exemption was requested by the california district of the american academy of pediatrics , the california academy of family physicians , the california medical association and the california immunization coalition , and has been recommended by the california department of public health ( cdph ) . the federal advisory committee on immunization practices and the cdph recommend that all persons six months and older , especially young children , receive influenza vaccine each year for their protection . young children are at increased risk of severe or fatal illness from influenza . while thimerosal - free formulations of influenza vaccine administered to adults in the united states appear to be ample , there are currently limited supplies of thimerosal - free seasonal influenza vaccine to protect california s young children , many of whom will need two doses of vaccine for maximal protection . i have written the manufacturer , sanofi pasteur , urging it to take any and all steps necessary to promptly address the shortage of this influenza vaccine , and asking it to provide an immediate and clear timeline on the availability of the vaccine so that all necessary actions may be taken to protect california s children . we will continue to assess the need for an extension of this temporary exemption over this period , and will be in regular contact with the manufacturer to assess product availability and to continue to monitor the vaccine supply . similar exemptions are in place at present in other states that have restrictions on mercury content , including illinois and iowa . i am granting this temporary exemption because of the health risk posed to california by influenza , and because there are inadequate supplies of this vaccine to comply with the law . in accordance with the intent of the law , during this exemption period immunizers should prioritize available supplies of thimerosal - free vaccine to young children . please do not hesitate to contact me at ( 916 ) 654 - 3454 if you have any questions . delivered by the daily sheeple we encourage you to share and republish our reports , analyses , breaking news and videos ( click for details ) . contributed by mike adams of naturalnews . com . the naturalnews network is a non - profit collection of public education websites covering topics that empower individuals to make positive changes in their health , environmental sensitivity , consumer choices and informed skepticism . the naturalnews network operates without a profit incentive , and its key writer , mike adams , receives absolutely no payment for his time , articles or books . the naturalnews network is not for sale , and does not accept money to cover any story ( or to spike it ) . naturalnews network is what the news industry used to be , before it sold out to big business . source : < URL >
the never - ending story : 7 foods a food safety expert never eats of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next today interviewed me earlier in the week on the food i tend to avoid and why : the alarming food recalls keep coming : romaine lettuce , packaged vegetables , chicken , frozen fruit , cheeses , potato chips and many more products in just the last couple of years . all were feared to be contaminated by harmful bacteria . bill marler knows all too well what kind of damage tainted food can do . the seattle attorney has represented victims of foodborne illness for 25 years people who came close to death just by eating a hamburger . marler s work hasn t put him off from eating in restaurants , but he s more wary when he eats out . if i had a rule that i follow , it s that i eat things that are well - cooked or that are cold , because bacteria tend to not do well at hot temperatures and tend to not grow at cold temperatures , marler told tOday . there s just some good common sense when you re not controlling the food you consume . each year , 48 million americans get sick from foodborne diseases and 3 , 000 die , the cdc estimates . it names norovirus , salmonella and clostridium perfringens as the top three illness - causing germs . bugs that are more likely to lead to hospital stays include botulism , listeria and e . coli . e . coli cases linked to red meat are down , but marler has been alarmed by an increase in cases of listeria , which unlike most bacteria can grow at refrigerator temperatures . based on the cases he s been involved in , marler has come up with a list of seven foods he never eats : 1 . raw sprouts all types of raw sprouts , including alfalfa , mung bean , clover and radish sprouts , are at the top of marler s list . sprouts are just a really difficult product to make safe , he said . seeds get contaminated and then when you sprout things in warm water , it s a perfect bath for the bacteria to grow . the barf blog , a website run by a former professor of food safety , has documented at least 55 sprout - associated outbreaks or sprout - breaks , as marler calls them worldwide since 1988 . most have been caused by salmonella and e . coli . the latest suspected outbreak has sickened eight people with salmonella in illinois , wisconsin and minnesota since december , with raw sprouts served at jimmy john s restaurants a likely source , the cdc reports . the illinois department of public health asked the restaurant chain to remove sprouts from their menus until the investigation is complete . sprouts should be cooked thoroughly to reduce your risk of illness , the government advises . children , the elderly , pregnant women , and people with weakened immune systems should avoid eating any raw sprouts , it notes . 2 . raw milk and juices whatever possible benefit you think you might get from unpasteurized milk or raw packaged juice , it s not worth the risk , said marler , who helped create a website listing some of the consequences of people drinking contaminated raw milk , including kidney failure and paralysis . raw milk and products made from it can contain bacteria , viruses , and parasites that pose severe health risks , including death , the cdc warns . possible germs include campylobacter , e . coli , salmonella and listeria , with 81 outbreaks in 26 states linked to raw milk from 2007 - 2012 , the agency notes . as for raw juice , if you re making it at home in a clean environment , washing the exterior of the fruit , and then drinking the juice right away , the risks are very low , marler said . just skip any packaged raw juice . marler would also stay away from raw water : it s sometimes amazing to me how we humans forget our history , he said . you just sort of scratch your head and wonder what people are thinking . 3 . raw flour raw flour has been linked to e . coli outbreaks , so resist the temptation to eat cookie dough or taste raw cake batter . it s something i think the public is pretty unaware of and we need to educate people that when handling flour you buy in the bags in the grocery store , you have to consider it a raw agricultural product that could be the source of a pathogen , marler said . people often dust their kitchen counter top with flour when rolling out dough . think about it this way : it s not dissimilar to putting raw chicken on your counter , so wipe things down and consider using wax paper instead , he advised . 4 . pre - cut fruits and vegetables the more you control food in your own kitchen , the less likely it is to be a problem , marler believes . he finds it much safer to take your own apple , wash it , cut it and put it in a plastic bag for lunch than to go to the grocery store and buy an apple that was sliced a few days ago in facility 500 miles away . it s certainly convenient , but sometimes i think the convenience isn t worth the risk , he said . i don t buy pre - washed , pre - bagged products , but if i did , i would wash it again myself . it s all about decreasing the bacterial load . 5 . ground meat that s not well done any ground meat has to be cooked thoroughly , marler said . that s because bacteria on the surface of the meat can get mixed throughout the product when it s ground . be sure to cook ground beef , veal , pork and lamb to an internal temperature of 160 f , the cdc notes . when it comes to a whole piece of beef steak , like filet mignon , marler would consider eating it medium or medium - well done . but chicken , turkey and other poultry has to be cooked thoroughly , he noted . the cdc recommends cooking it to an internal temperature of 165 f . in case you re wondering , marler isn t that concerned about raw fish , but he still doesn t eat a lot of sushi . 6 . raw oysters marler has seen a spike in bacterial and viral illnesses linked to raw oysters in the last several years , perhaps because the water is warmer for longer periods of time , he said . eating raw oysters is not worth the risk , he added . 7 . raw eggs they re still on marler s list , although government oversight and industry intervention have made eggs a lot safer today than they were a decade ago , he said . but even though the likelihood of salmonella has decreased a lot , he still wouldn t eat eggs raw ( even from the chickens he raises at home ) , sunny - side - up or soft - boiled , especially in a restaurant . he always opts for scrambled eggs . republished with permission from bill marler and marler clark . copyright ( c ) marler clark LLp , ps . all rights reserved . source : < URL >
health ranger s theory : the flu vaccine is causing the flu outbreak headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next if there is any part of you that s inquisitive you ve likely wondered how on earth this year s flu could be so bad . afterall , we have vaccines and western medicine s advancements in technology to help people . but the health ranger says that is the exact problem with the influenza outbreak . as the reports continue to come in that this influenza outbreak is killing about 100 people a day , many begin to wonder what the purpose of getting a vaccine that s only 10 effective could possibly be . what you re never told , is that some of those deaths are because of the flu vaccine , mike adams , the health ranger said . and adams theory is that the vaccine is not only responsible for the outbreak of the flu , but for some of the deaths associated with it . * before continuing , this is not to say you should get the vaccine or you should not get the vaccine . you should , however , research the ingredients of the flu vaccine and possible side effects and come to the conclusion on your own whether or not this shot is right for you and your family . * adams wants people to know what they aren t being told about this year s flu by those who profit heavily by injecting people with the flu shot . it turns out that the flu shot , even when it works , which is rare because it s usually the wrong strain but sometimes it works , but it creates vulnerability to influenza infections in subsequent years . in other words , there s something about the flu shot ( we can talk about what that is because we know ) that weakens your immune system . adams has researched vaccines and the vaccine industry in depth . people would be better off and we d have fewer deaths from influenza if no one got the flu shot . and instead , people boosted their immune systems with vitamin d . adams says there are plenty of other natural vitamins , such as vitamin c and zinc , that will boost the immune system without the risks of being injected with mercury or aluminum or squalene or msg . adams claims that the flu shot is more dangerous than just getting the flu . of course they [ the vaccine manufacturers ] twist it around and say oh my god this is why everybody must get a flu shot . they say look at the number of deaths everybody hurry up , go get a flu shot they never tell you that most of those people are people who had flu shots , says adams . it happens this way in every instance of outbreaks , such as measles . those who are getting sick , have already been immunized . remember to do your research , and read the inserts that come with the vaccines you re being asked to inject into your body . it s important to know what is being put in your system . if you do this , and still come to the conclusion that the flu shot is right for you , by all means , go get it but take your health into your own hands this flu season . this article has been contributed by shtf plan . visit www . shtfplan . com for alternative news , commentary and preparedness info . source : < URL >
perth mint to create cryptocurrency backed by gold of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next by filip karinja , small caps : the cryptocurrency movement is capturing everyone s imagination including governments . australia s state - owned perth mint , operated by the gold corporation , intends to create its own cryptocurrency backed by gold . based in close proximity to perth airport , the perth mint serves as the focal point of australia s precious metals refining . the refinery works on the vast majority of gold produced in australia , as well as gold from surrounding countries . in its own right , the perth mint stands up as one of western australia s largest exporters distributing around 18 billion in pure gold , silver and platinum bars and coins to investors in more than 100 countries . however , with the recent rush into bitcoin and cryptocurrencies becoming mainstream , the perth mint is adapting to the challenge of modern financial markets . in a bid to keep up the digital times and to make its services available to a wider number of people and companies , perth mint has its sights set on developing a cryptocurrency that will be linked to a physical commodity . over the past two years , perth mint has taken affirmative steps into the digital realm of online trading , by launching its very own trading platform allowing consumers to purchase gold and other precious metals at the touch of a button . intending to take things a step further , the perth mint wants to incorporate blockchain and distributed ledger technology ( dlt ) into its toolkit . according to perth mint , the introduction of a crypto - gold product would improve accessibility to gold for all consumers as well as making gold investments more secure and transparent . the inherent value - add advantages offered by blockchain technology includes real - time market visibility , impenetrable security and flawless transparency across whichever network it operates on . blockchain technology has been applied mostly in the financial technology ( fintech ) space , although many other industries have benefitted greatly since its inception around a decade ago . existing examples of effective blockchain and dlt applications have included tracking transactions , agricultural industries , logistics projects , land registration , online marketplaces , creating digital assets , and even applied in the music recording industry . perth mint ceo richard hayes says that a launch date for perth mint s blockchain - powered products hadn t been set although the next 12 to 18 months would result in significant movement in that direction . over the past year , australia retained its status as the world s second largest gold producer after china , and is expected to remain so for the foreseeable future given the resurgence in australian gold mining and the resources sector as a whole . the next evolution of cryptocurrencies being backed by precious metals , could be a step in the right direction , particularly in this case for maintaining australia s gold market dominance in asia . in terms of physical gold refining and delivery , the perth mint is accredited by several internationally recognised gold - market entities such as the london bullion market association ( lbma ) , the tokyo commodity exchange ( tocom ) , the new york commodity exchange ( comeX ) and the dubai multi commodity centre ( dmcc ) . in the cryptocurrency space it remains unknown as to how the entire industry could be regulated with several options currently being looked at by policymakers in the g20 . read more stories smallcaps . com . au source : < URL >
the recent terror attacks in london have re - energized the debate over the term radical islam , but not among students interviewed , nearly all of whom insisted that it is wrong to employ the phrase . campus reform curious to know where college students would come down on the matter , campus reform headed to washington , d . c . to ask students [ ]
it turns out that insulting an entire continent may have severe diplomatic ramifications . trump has long been shielded from any consequences to his racist and xenophobic statements , but now that he is president , he s finding himself the center of world condemnation . last week during a bipartisan meeting on immigration , trump derided immigrants from africa and haiti , saying ( via the chicago tribune ) : why are we having all these people from shithole countries come here the white house immediately tried to muddy the waters by moving the focus to trump s specific word choice : white house official told me tonight there is debate internally on whether trump said " shithole " or " shithouse . " perdue and cotton seem to have heard latter , this person said , and are using to deny . josh dawsey ( jdawsey1 ) january 15 , 2018 and american s aren t falling for it : the shithole vs . shithouse and the i vs . i d are both equally fucking dumb debates and potential differences without distinctions and if you re wasting time on this , retire asawin suebsaeng ( swin24 ) january 15 , 2018 the issue at the heart of the matter is not simply trump s vulgarity , but the complete lack of empathy that this comment signifies . his comment was not merely describing the standard of living in african countries ( and haiti ) , he was connecting those conditions with the worthiness of the countries citizens . immediately after trump s comments , a huge number of political figures in the u . s . urged trump to remember that all people deserve respect and dignity , no matter their country of origin . former president bill clinton challenged trump s remarks : i ve traveled and worked in haiti , and across africa and central america . the countries the president described with his epithet do not exist . some thoughts as we remember those lost in haiti eight years ago today : < URL > bill clinton ( billclinton ) january 12 , 2018 sen . dick durbin , who was present for the remark , shared his thoughts : breaking : democrat sen . durbin , who was in meeting with pres . trump : " he said these hate - filled things . " < URL > pic . twitter . com / s9fmhtcgur msnbc ( msnbc ) january 12 , 2018 sen . kirsten gillibrand , ( the very senator that trump implied offered sexual favors in exchange for his campaign donation ) , gave a strong admonition : a repulsive , unacceptable remark , far beneath the dignity of the presidency . our country is better than this . < URL > kirsten gillibrand ( sengillibrand ) january 12 , 2018 from sen . dianne feinstein : we all need to stop pretending that there are no consequences when the most powerful person in the world espouses racist views and gives a wink and a nod to the darkest elements in our society . sen dianne feinstein ( senfeinstein ) january 13 , 2018 even staunch republicans are speaking out against the racist remark . republican rep . mia love : " the president must apologize to both the american people and the nations he so wantonly maligned , " said representative mia love , a republican of utah < URL > the new york times ( nytimes ) january 12 , 2018 republican senator jeff flake : the words used by the president , as related to me directly following the meeting by those in attendance , were not tough , they were abhorrent and repulsive . jeff flake ( jeffflake ) january 12 , 2018 former rnc chair michael steele : former republican party chair : trump is a racist , the evidence is incontrovertible . pic . twitter . com / juj4zqvv3k john aravosis ( aravosis ) january 12 , 2018 republican senator susan collins : these comments are highly inappropriate out of bounds and could hurt efforts for a bipartisan immigration agreement . the president should not denigrate other countries . sen . susan collins ( senatorcollins ) january 12 , 2018 republican senator lindsey graham reportedly confronted trump about the remark . according to sen . dick durbin , graham ( via axios ) : spoke up and made a direct comment on what the president said . the initial response from african leaders was swift . on friday morning , the african union issued a reaction ( via cnn ) : the african union mission wishes to express its infuriation , disappointment and outrage over the unfortunate comment made by mr . donald trump , president of the united states of america , which remarks dishonor the celebrated american creed and respect for diversity and human dignity . trump has yet to take responsibility for his comments , spending his energy claiming that he is not a racist ( via axios ) : i m not a racist . i m the least racist person you will ever interview . do not - a - racists say things like this about haitians ( via new york magazine ) : they all have aids . about mexican immigrants ( via the washington post ) : they re bringing drugs . they re bringing crime . they re rapists . and some , i assume , are good people . about black people ( via slate ) : besides that , i ve got to tell you something else . i think that guy is lazy . and it s probably not his fault because laziness is a trait in blacks . it really is , i believe that . it s not anything they can control . don t you agree about white supremacists ( via the atlantic ) : you also had some very fine people on both sides . do not - a - racists think things like this that all welfare recipients are black ( via newsweek ) : in the spring of 2017 , the newly elected president met with members of the congressional black caucus . during that meeting , one of the members mentioned to trump that welfare reform would be detrimental to her constituents adding , not all of whom are black . the president was incredulous . really then what are they that nigerian immigrants all live in huts ( via business insider ) : president donald trump reportedly grew enraged at a june meeting over the amount of visas awarded to travelers from certain countries , grumbling that the 40 , 000 nigerian visitors would never go back to their huts in africa . his complete inability to apologize has led to more structured diplomatic actions . the south african government has issued a statement , demanding that the united states explain trump s disturbing comments : the department will provide an opportunity to the charges de affaires to explain the statement that african countries , alongside haiti and el savador , constitute shitholes from where migrants into the united states are undesirable . though it s tempting to view south africa s most recent response as merely a more strongly worded objection to trump s racism , it s important to remember that this action , formally called a d marche , is well - established and official diplomatic process . this means that the south african government demands a response from our state department . hopefully , this diplomatic escalation will motivate a government - wide movement to formally hold trump accountable for his actions . featured image : getty / yui mok / pa wire
maybe somebody should tell cair that the hewlett - woodmere school district has a very large jewish population that understands the downside of having a lot of muslims in the neighborhood . while the administration recommended that the holidays be added to the calendar for the next school year , the school board disagreed . the hewlett - woodmere school district is under fire from terror - linked muslim pressure groups for deciding not to add two islamic holidays to the school calendar after including them in an early draft . the groups also condemned the anti - islamic harassment that some residents faced for trying to have the holidays added . at the january 17 th meeting , one attendee tried to respond to an individual defending the muslim community , saying they ll kill us . a message also went out to school board members warning them that observance of muslim holidays will draw even more muslims to the area . ( apparently hewlett - woodmere isn t one of new york s muslim - friendly leftist jewish communities thank god )
celebrated hacker and satirist jaime cochran made the world a better place this afternoon we learned our beloved best friend , jaime cochran , passed away at her home in oakland , california . the headline of this story , and the words in the body do not make sense on the screen . we are grieving her loss with everyone right now . we have proven nothing we write here matters , so we won t pretend like these words do . nor do they help . there s nothing we can say that will make the pain of this loss go away , and anyone who knows jaime understands anything short of a novel simply doesn t do justice to the life she lived . if you re reading this , jaime probably affected you the way she did so many others who had the pleasure of knowing her . jaime did whatever the hell she wanted to do , she was good at what she did , and she became successful doing it . she did her own thing , and it worked . she is a legend . people idolized her . she was a genius , and working with her here was a privilege . she was like a gift from the internet . jaime came into internet chronicle when we were still relatively new , when the . su domain was maybe only a couple years old . she instantly identified with us , understood what we were doing , and ran with her ideas , taking the website to new places and making everybody laugh very hard . most people laughed . jaime loved trolling and messing with people s minds , but then her work was filled with positive , joking messages that were funny to read . she took the medium and made it her own , and brought it to you all , and the quality of her work made us better just by association . this place is still a shithole , but i honestly can t imagine what it would have been without her . she is the funniest person i know , and we were privileged to have befriended her , and we enjoyed her friendship from the very beginning . jaime was one of us . when we met jaime , we were going after dirty people , corrupt leaders and hypocrites on this website . [ we ve since stopped doing that , and now mainly just focus on basketball . ] we went after hate together with the very animosity and hatred of the targets we ridiculed . she was like us in the way she thought that was a fun thing to do on a saturday night . anyway , that s how she named me hatesec . i asked her what are we doing here i said , we have lulzsec , antisec and prosec . what are we she said , youre hatesec i changed my pen - name on the spot and , until today , i never looked back . i took our good times for granted . i thought there would always be more , more phone calls , more chatlogs , more love , more time and more everything , and i just knew i d look forward to even more after that . i would always be looking forward to the next time i might hear from jaime . now i sit here in my bedroom , listening to her favorite version of birthday boy , and there is only looking back . those good times and laughs are burned into our minds . but hey . hysterical fits of laughter are the lifeblood of our bodies and souls , and proof time doesn t exist , putting a big hot black punctuation mark on the howling pain of existence . when everything around you is lost in a dense fog of intense laughter , you are experiencing the physical manifestation of happiness itself , a permanent change in your body chemistry that takes place after you laugh so hard that you lose control of yourself and evolve against your will . laughter is the mind s lasting memory , and jaime came here to show us there is only this moment , and it is fucking funny . jaime cochran was fucking funny . thank you for everything , jaime . you made the world a better place . if you live around oakland , friends and family will gather at jaime s favorite skatepark on saturday , jan . 13 from 1 to 4 p . m . defremery skatepark . the address is 1651 adeline st , oakland , california 94607 . it will be 59 degrees and sunny . on the same day , internet chronicle is hosting a memorial with subverzo in new york at the double down saloon on the lower east side , starting around 9 p . m . here s some of her stuff you might enjoy : hate radio september 18 , 2015 : i m just chillin in cedar rapids july 10 , 2014 : a very chronicle cultspeak , with kilgoar and hatesec , and maybe asshurtmacfags july 7 , 2014 : hatesec and asshurt talk about shockwaves , oil futures and sudden infant death may 16 , 2014 : jamie jo corne s washington bull party plan comes to fruition in washington , d . c . a few of her articles her band : here s some stuff she liked , that she thought everyone else should like , too : i love you with all of my heart , jaime . we love you , and your family , too .
i m cucksec and you re reading the future of news net chronicle . su after a juvenile , embarrassing and misdirected rant posted to internet hate site chrOnicLe . su creators of the videogame rust banned a player named kilgoar who wrote the blog post seen by millions . a blog is short for web - log which unlike this news site is not credible and can be written by anyone . in his fake news ramblings , kilgoar calls rust a shittY GaMe that is a Waste of time , because he sucks at rust , which sucks now too , he says . he did not say that but we are saying that . kilgoar s actions are reprehensibLe and WiLL nOt be tOLerateD On this site . he has been fireD , cucked from his place of power by game designers , which means the game is currently being designed with kilgoar s absence in mind . the cuck rule , designers call it , only applies to kilgoar , because he doesn t understand rust having sunk a paltry < 400 hours into the anarchy simulator currently in beta and characterized not by the game s current development stage , but the people who play it . a nightmare cult people close to kilgoar , including followers of his illegal text and audio backchannel , warned me kilgoar s decisions and movements have become twitchy and possessive . he orders us into the asbestos mines like his slaves , said ham sterman , who himself admits to succumbing to kilgoar s cult of brutalizing tribal aggression . he asks if we re cold , but not because he s concerned for our health . he just likes knowing we re cold . cuck of week kilgora the explora
seoul a new miracle breakthrough coming out of lebal drocer laboratories and pharmaceuticals that promises to beat competitors by curing erectile dysfunction as well as performance anxiety , whiskey - dick and numerous other problems with male genitalia , has men a - twitter in the shadow of their own sexual inability . said 44 - year - old richmond , virginia trucker gary malosky , i m just happy something came along to repair all this damage i done to my pecker abusing stimulants to stay awake on them 13 - hour - long drives . already , chinese piracy is ravaging the good , honest american profiteering of lebal drocer , known around the world for bringing you the finest in male enhancement supplements that get your cock rock hard . the knock - off pills being smuggled around the republic of korea are a profitable by - product of forced communist chinese abortions . inside capsules comprised of old strips of leather is a tightly packed concentration of powder made from raw fetus and baby parts , which are chopped up and ground into a fine dust . the problem with this is chinese abortions are an inferior source of baby dust , unlike american range - fed white babies brought to full term in a controlled environment . bUYer beware thoUgh these pills contain the dead baby dUst YoUr bodY is alreadY accUstomed to , the pills being traded oUt of soUth korea are not the same as the ofFicial male enhancement baby dUst pills sold by lebal drocer . some Users have ingested a rare sUperbacteria FoUnd onlY in chinese inFants Used in the inFerior pill - making process tailored to the eastern black market . hard - core users have chosen to crush and snort the baby dust pills for instant gratification . this is dangerous , however , because the pills are oftentimes made in china and therefore contain high levels of chromium , a toxic element used as a wood preservative but not in the member - hardening way originally intended by lebal drocer pharmaceuticals . lebal drocer spokesman raleigh theodore sakers told chronicle . su the chromium found in his patented male enhancement pill is safe enough for human ingestion through the stomach , but he warned users the drug , if snorted , will go straight to the brain , causing immediate , satisfying erections with the very likely possibility of sudden death . this jUst in n e w From lebal drocer pharmaceUticals baby dUst lotion try the new baby dust lotion and satisfy her in bed all night long this new paste comes with the chinese communist lebal drocer guarantee she will love you long time ' raleigh t . sakers , lebal drocer , inc . just rub it on your limp cock it ll grow bigger . guaranteed ask your doctor about the new miracle breakthrough male enhancement product guaranteed to change your sex life today this message is brought to you ceremoniously by lebal drocer , inc . we own everything that matters . stay tuned for a special message about new miracle babydust from chronicle . sU s very own old brutus < cUe inFomercial >
a man s ego was shattered thursday while in the depths of an lsd freakout so intense , even his neighbors reported feeling it . jill stern , 73 , says she was peering suspiciously at the world through her blinds when she felt uneasy . i sort of felt what i d call a cosmic disturbance , like danny was up there freaking out , stern said . i just knew that when i got up there , danny s ego wouldn t be there no more . by the way , something s wrong with me . sure enough , when stern arrived in the bedroom , there sat the hollow shell of daniel serling who , after partying with friends , reportedly went home and listened to pink floyd all night . dr . angstrom h . troubadour , chief chemist at lebal drocer pharmaceuticals and chemical research labs , says roger waters so systematically and effectively breaks down the ego , that he and others are lobbying congress to reclassify pink floyd s music as a schedule i drug . dr . troubadour said lsd overdose ain t nothin to fuck with , adding that he hasn t been right since the wall 2014 tour . i mean they re all sitting around , dosed out of their skulls , evolving in front of us and meticulously presenting it in perfect musical form . that s fucked up , it s illegal , and it s bad for the economy . dr . troubadour said his research leads him to believe that after serling s meltdown , people are less likely to buy the sweet new iphone 7 replacement plus that serling unfortunately believed were made from babies , ground into dust . ordinarily , this story would end there . but because danny s ego collapsed so hard in on itself , the event has already begun pulling the collective unconscious down with it , destroying our shared concept of self , piece by piece , and replacing our motives with his enduring baby dust craze . he s making us all dumb troubadour told reporters . suddenly , the doctor stood up and roared , slamming his fist down through the particle board coffee table decorating the internet chronicle s grand foyer . i already feel retarded but the lucky bastard up in that apartment right now doesn t think anything anymore . do you understand me troubadour demanded , corralling a huddled group of petrified reporters into his back office . i want baby dust . danny s best friend , attorney john desoto , said danny was one of those dudes who seemed dead inside anyway , and the world is unlikely to notice the death of his ego , the realization of which is what caused the collapse and oh my god what s it all for , it s all for nothing . like there just wasn t anything behind his eyes , you know me stupid at the moment , and must forgive but i forgetting empathy , but i bet that was tough , being a flake and weirding everyone out with your presence , desoto said . we were usually happy to see him leave the party , anyway . desoto reckons danny s ego being shattered was not such a bad thing for the community , and maybe even serves some greater purpose to humanity . but dr . troubadour disagreed , adding that a steady regimen of vitamins and terrormax could straighten danny out and reshape him into the laborer , citizen , and believer god wants him to be . we re going to get him some vitamin b - 12 and help him relearn how to go to work on mondays . so in the meantime , keep him away from those garfield comics dr . troubadour said lsd overdose ain t nothin to fuck with , adding that he hasn t been right since the wall 2014 tour . but that s nothin a little terrormax can t fiX right Up that s right moms , all new terrormax ssri - legal Us version prodUct patEnt 2018 - 01 - 24 - 692379 . b tablets are just the thing to get your mopey teens off their butts and onto the right track . our little stacey s ego nearly died after an enlightening experience in the woods with her friends on mushrooms . but ever since then , we started lacing her dinner with terrormax pm , her night vision has improved 20 - fold , and she is the most popular kid in school . never feel depressed again with all new terrormax ssri - legal Us version rated safe for human consumption ' again , or your money back , guaranteed again danny s dying ego made us dumb . isn t it time for you to feel numb terrormax . you . feel . nothing
if julian assange were only retweeting pope francis out of the usual convenient messaging , it would be more of the same wry humor from the atheist hacker . however , in the past months assange has retweeted pope francis more than anyone else , suggesting deep changes in his character of the profound kind usually associated with a religious conversion or epiphany . this far - out , science fictional prophecy from his twitter last week gives flesh to the hunch : it is well - known that mystics , shamans , and monks seeking proximity to the vast expanse beyond endure incredible isolation or physical stresses , and assange has incidentally undergone a special and new trial , a digital stylite preaching to the world from the cramped office he can never leave . assange s message suffers badly from a laughable popcorn - munching hype where computers are not sophisticated tools in the hands of the 1 , but rather more clever versions of their creators . of course the matrix and terminator would be so much less sensational with a few computer nerds and jeff bezos behind the curtains , but assange is one of them in spirit , and he does not want to give dorothy the balloon ride home . he is a mad villain who wants to breathe sentience into computers , another dr . frankenstein with the mantras publish and be damned information wants to be free , in spite of his sudden religious enlightenment . wikileaks and julian assange are the vanguard of an infectious planetary discourse that appears terminal to the world order . for all its oppression , lies , and terror , it is too easy to look back only ten or twenty years and see a golden age of civility , socialism , and geopolitical harmony . democrats who once hated george w . bush already look back at his wars of aggression with nostalgia , a totally morbid symptom if there ever was one . assange s mystical revelation has the kernel of truth in that we ve entered a new era by which the domination of the 1 is cemented by dehumanized technology and uncivilized discourse . black mirror s the waldo moment is too terrible to watch . some might say this is the end of the neoliberal era , but perhaps assange has made its ultimate and final expression . the phony naturalism of the classic liberals now takes a singularitarian bent , and dr . frankenstein s threatening , neofascist ai monster is already in power , controlled by men like julian assange who bogart all its gifts for themselves , cowardly cheapskate wizards behind the curtains . there is no good reason to struggle against the ai tools of the 1 , to wear strange makeup for surveillance and encrypt every byte of online presence . the quaint christian message of pope francis that makes the poor and the powerless sacred again is enough .
up to 95 of the residents in some areas of blackburn are muslim ( or asian in british speak ) . it s only a matter of time until blackburn becomes an islamic stare , proof that multiculturalism has been an abject failure . muslim migrants refuse to assimilate , preferring to set up parallel communities ( DiViDe ) inevitably leading to white flight ( cONQuer ) eventually turning the town into an islamic hellhole ( DOmiNate ) . uk express blackburn has ranked as one of the most segregated town in britain , where in the whalley range area 95 per cent of people are muslim and a local butcher has admitted he has never served a white person in the whole of his time there . muslim families like to live in the same area as each other so we can support one another , but then the white people move out . retired taxi driver ian goodliffe , who previously worked at a white only taxi firm , said : there are certain areas where white people no longer go and the same for muslims . they lead very separate lives . there is an element of fear on both sides and then there is of course this awful racism . i hear it all the time . it is sometimes a gang mentality and everyone wants to stick to their own . there are whole parts of blackburn where a white person would not buy a house but then there is the same for the muslims . there is a mutual distrust and the only way to change that is for people to mix , but we are at a total impasse and it is only going to get worse . professor cantle also said he met a yorkshireman who said he was the first muslim to move into a street and within three years all the white families had gone . he said : some of those families made no bones about it they are moving out because they are moving in . the study , conducted by integration experts professor cantle and professor eric kaufman , has revealed that white and minority groups are now more isolated from each other than ever before even though england as a whole is more ethnically mixed . white populations in towns and cities where there has been a large influx of muslim migrants have sunk to record lows now less than 50 in the last decade alone , it has been revealed . polarization mainly occurs in urban areas , with some places in the uk seeing a decrease in the white population of more than 50 per cent between 1991 and 2011 . towns and cities , such as birmingham , leicester , slough , luton , bradford and london have seen the striking decrease occur more rapidly than other parts of the uk , it has been claimed . academic ted cantle , a government advisor on community adhesion , has warned the 2021 census will reveal polarization has got even greater . finally , politicians have admitted that to notice the scale of the immigration engineered by the last labour government doesn t make one racist . but neither is it wrong to discuss the cultural changes that large - scale immigration can cause . six hundred thousand londoners have left . they didn t all sell ex - council houses in barking , in order to purchase five - bedroom cliff - top villas in sunny leigh - on - sea .
adam abdi , a 20 - year - old ( somali - looking ) muslim man from brampton is facing dozens of charges , including seven counts of attempted murder , in what police describe as a string of unprovoked , random shootings in toronto that narrowly missed being fatal . toronto sun ( h / t marvin w ) toronto police said tuesday that the man , who is currently in custody , allegedly worked his way through neighbourhoods in the northwest corner of the city over the past two weeks , opening fire on a total of seven victims ranging in age from four to 47 . none of the victims were known to each other or the accused , said supt . ron taverner , describing the case as disturbing but saying the force is breathing a sigh of relief that things didn t turn out worse . it s mind - boggling , quite frankly , taverner said . we haven t been able to determine any motive whatsoever that these are other than random shootings . but in a period from jan . 9 to 21 , a gunman wreaked havoc on several areas in the northwest corner of the city and put a lot of lives in danger . it s a troubling crime spree timeline stopped by toronto police : tuesday , jan . 9 at 4 p . m . , at rathburn rd . and the west mall , a 19 - year - old man and a 15 - year - old girl inside a building hallway were approached by a man who shot multiple rounds at them . the man remains in hospital but is expected to recover . tuesday , jan . 16 at 3 : 10 p . m . , at finch ave . w . and ardwick , a 47 - year - old man was approached and shot at . saturday , jan . 20 at 4 : 30 p . m . , also in that same in complex in the finch ave . w . and islington ave . area , a 20 - year - old man was shot at by a man who quickly fled in a vehicle . sunday , jan . 21 at 3 : 30 p . m . , also in the same area , a 35 - year - old man and a four - year - old girl escaped physical injuries after being shot at in a parked car . sunday , jan 21 , less than an hour later , at 4 : 25 p . m , near rathburn rd . and renforth dr . , a 19 - year - old man was walking when he was shot at by a gunman who rolled down his window . he faces 48 charges : 7 counts of attempt murder ; 5 counts of possess restricted or prohibited firearm without holding a licence and registration certificate ; 5 counts of possess firearm other than restricted or prohibited firearm knowingly not holding a licence ; 5 counts of occupy motor vehicle with firearm ; 5 counts of use / handle / store firearm carelessly ; 5 counts of discharge firearm with intent to wound , endanger life or prevent arrest ; 5 counts of use firearm to commit indictable offence ; 5 counts of have face masked / disguised ; 5 counts of breach of probation ; possess firearm while prohibited . taverner said police are investigating potential links to other shootings . he noted that abdi s arrest allows the force some breathing room to conduct their investigation .
a 45 - year - old so - called feminist mother in sweden not only was having a sexual relationship with an 18 - year - old afghan muslim refugee that she had taken into her home , she refused to report him to authorities after he started sexually abusing her 12 - year - old daughter . savemysweden ( h / t marvin w ) the 45 - year - old woman was working at a refugee center in the 45 - year - old woman was working at a refugee center in s lvesborg when she began having a sexual relationship with the refugee , who claimed to be 18 - years - old . when the migrant became an official refugee , he had to leave the center and so the woman allowed him to move into her family home . within a short period of time , the migrant began sexually abusing the woman s 12 - year - old daughter , kissing and hugging her before one incident in september 2017 when the afghan put his hands inside the girl s underwear and groped her vagina . after the daughter told her mother what had happened , the 45 - year - old refused to report the incident to authorities or even to ask the afghan to leave the home , prompting the daughter to tell her father who then contacted the police . during the subsequent trial , the woman explained that she did not take action against the refugee because she was afraid that [ he ] would be sent back to afghanistan . i thought so much about him so he could stay with me , she added the mother also told the victim s older sisters not to reveal what had happened . facebook posts were later uncovered showing that even months after the sexual assault on her daughter , the mother described the afghan as wonderful and was attempting to help him find a new home she was also reportedly a vehement supporter of the metoo movement against the sexual assault of women , but not presumably if those women are sexually assaulted by migrants . the afghan received just 100 hours of community service for the assault and will not be deported . although the refugee claimed to be 18 at the time of assault , the problem of migrants lying about their age to avoid harsher prison sentences has become notorious . an investigation by sweden s national forensic medicine agency found that three quarters of migrants claiming to be children were actually adults . last week , new figures were released by swedish criminal statistics agency br that showed rape cases increased 10 per cent in 2017 sweden , now considered the rape capital of the west due to its leftist agenda of admitting an inexhaustible supply of muslim rapists posing as refugees , has a shameless justice system , as evidenced by its refusal to deport 5 afghan child rapists because they deemed it would be too dangerous for them under sharia law in afghanistan . yet it s still quite shocking when a group of women who like to glorify themselves as champions of women s rights , turn a blind eye to the women and girls , who are the main targets of these islamic sexual predators , even when authorities announce that they had recovered 48 different stains of semen from a gang - rape victim s clothing after launching an investigation into one of the worst cases of migrant sex attacks the country has ever seen . thanks to mass muslim migration , mostly from islamic countries , sweden has seen a 1 , 472 - percent increase in rapes and a 300 - percent increase in violent crimes just 4 decades after opening their borders . the european country now tops the list at number 2 for countries with the most rapes , surpassed only by lesotho . statistics now suggest that 1 in 4 swedish women will be raped
apparently , the left thinks it s racist and islamophobic to make sure that the illegal alien muslim invaders , who obviously are adults , don t try to pass themselves off as children ( unaccompanied minors ) so as to get priority status in seeking asylum , making it faster and easier for them to hop aboard the german welfare train . according to the left , muslim illegals should be exempt from the same laws and rules that all germans must obey . if you re german and you cheat , you won t get anything , except being sued for document falsification . germans can be imprisoned for not paying a bus ticket , muslim migrants get a free pass . germans get imprisoned for refusing to send their child to sex education , muslim migrants can take their children out of school for anything that they say conflicts with their religion . when in the rare circumstance that a german murders a muslim migrant , the whole country is turned upside down . if a muslim migrant kills a german , the media won t even talk about it , and chances are the migrant gets away with a suspended sentence or even acquittal , allegedly because he was on drugs and / or has mental issues ( a very common fake excuse ) .
of course , fast food is convenient and we all love french fries , but we should not be eating the one from here . i know life can be a bit hectic but our health is extremely important . mcdonald s
the rise in white nationalism and nativism due to the nomination and election of donald trump is creating a climate of hatred . those that say that american society has progressed past racism are wildly out - of touch with the reality on the ground . it seems that no one is safe from harassment from trump supporters . today on the debut episode of senator cory booker s new podcast ( lift every voice ) , civil rights titan and current house representative john lewis looked back on his long career of confronting racism . this mlkday i ' m excited to share with you my new podcast : lift every voice . my 1 st guest is a civil rights icon who always gets into goodtrouble has a treasure trove of stories : repjohnlewis listen applepodcasts : < URL > spotify : < URL > pic . twitter . com / cfrsyz87gt cory booker ( corybooker ) january 15 , 2018 during the interview , he shared about his experiences with racist trump supporters ( via buzzfeed news ) : i was coming back to washington on sunday night . i was on a flight from atlanta . and i m walking down the aisle and the gentleman said as loud as he could , trump so i didn t i just kept walking . i didn t say anything . and sometimes i m walking in the airport in different places . i guess [ people think ] they re getting to me or harassing me . but they don t understand i ve been called many , many things . but i m not going to let anything get me down . i m going to keep walking , keep moving . and rep . lewis isn t alone . other politicians that have faced racist remarks . since trump s election , racists have been emboldened to attack . house rep . maxine waters received this threat , which was accompanied by several racial slurs ( via ktla ) : if you continue to make threats toward the president , you re going to wind up dead , maxine , cause we ll kill you . according to the houston chronicle , u . s . rep . al green received threats as well . warning : the threats in the recordings below are extremely nsfw , exceedingly violent , racially charged , and potentially very upsetting . sen . cory booker , host of the podcast , has also been subject to death threats from trump fans ( via wusa ) : he is an ignorant mother * * * * * * , * * * * * * * , i can t stand that mother * * * * * * . saying that neo - nazi and white people are the problem . i am going to kill that mother * * * * * * . these bigoted threats are not solely focused on well - known figures . trump has unleashed a torrent of racist aggression on the entire u . s . population . although tracking racism is a difficult task , several indicators tell the same story : trump s rise to prominence coincides with an outpouring of racism in the u . s . the fbi s annual assessment of hate crimes showed a five percent increase in hate crimes during 2016 . data has yet to be released for 2017 . immediately following the 2016 election , reports flooded in of ordinary people being targeted by trump supporters . buzzfeed reported on 28 horrible incidents in just the first week after the election . normal , everyday american citizens are being targeted in public by trump supporters . i have a scarf on . passed by someone on the platform today and he says , " your time ' s up , girlie . " mehreen kasana ( mehreenkasana ) november 9 , 2016 trump has spoken about " making america great again , " but someone else had a different message recently in wellsville . pic . twitter . com / ygbffbXo8f brian quinn ( brianqwdr ) november 9 , 2016 someone spray painted " black lives don ' t matter and neither does your votes " on a wall in durham overnight . pic . twitter . com / idfm5t8rfg derrick lewis ( derrickqlewis ) november 9 , 2016 racists are openly threatening people on public transportation ( again , very nsfw ) : trump supporters are physically assaulting people in broad daylight . one family in michigan has been subject to escalating attacks in their home . an interracial couple in new york were attacked and threatened with lynching . the list goes on , and on , and on , and on . trump is trying to drag america back to the good old days , when crusaders for justice like rep . john lewis were fighting tooth and nail for equal rights . listening to mr . lewis interview with sen . booker sheds some light on how far we come , and how much we have to lose . featured image : getty / anadolu agency
donald trump just can t help himself . his narcissism , lack of intellectual curiosity , and inability to find compassion for anyone that isn t himself were on full display today at a washington d . c . event . like a nun on stage at a strip club , trump inserted himself somewhere he just doesn t belong : the podium at a women s leadership conference . why in the world would someone invite trump to speak at this event simple no one did trump , by his own admission , heard that there was a gathering of women across the street and then literally ran straight there . we already know that trump is infatuated with women . clearly , the organizers were right to not invite notorious sexist donald trump . take a look at some of his contributions to the misogyny hall of fame : warning : clips are nsfw , due to graphic language . while bettemidler is an extremely unattractive woman , i refuse to say that because i always insist on being politically correct . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) october 28 , 2012 i refuse to call megyn kelly a bimbo , because that would not be politically correct . instead i will only call her a lightweight reporter donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 27 , 2016 how much money is the extremely unattractive ( both inside and out ) arianna huffington paying her poor ex - hubby for the use of his name donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) april 7 , 2015 26 , 000 unreported sexual assults in the military - only 238 convictions . what did these geniuses expect when they put men women together donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) may 7 , 2013 . lisarinna looks better with her reduced lips . good move , lisa . celebapprentice donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) march 4 , 2013 frumpy and very dumb gail collins , an editorial writer at the new york times , is so lucky to even have a job . check her out incompetent donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) march 15 , 2014 seems hard to believe that facebook could be worth that much be careful if you invest . and mark zuckerberg get a pre - nup . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) may 18 , 2012 . tedcruz must be doing something right if cher , sadly rated the 4 th ugliest celebrity according to listverse , is attacking him . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) february 26 , 2013 while i fully agree , it is not politically correct < URL > donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) february 20 , 2013 " elianism : realdonaldtrump oh my gosh , that is so sexist just confirmed those pageants are solely for looks . " isn ' t that terrible donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) july 13 , 2013 did crooked hillary help disgusting ( check out sex tape and past ) alicia m become a u . s . citizen so she could use her in the debate donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) september 30 , 2016 " chriscjackson : realdonaldtrump i went to trump scotland last week and a gopher sexually assaulted my wife . after you , bet she loved it donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) july 13 , 2013 . megynkelly recently said that she can t be wooed by trump . she is so average in every way , who the hell wants to woo her donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 11 , 2016 huffington post is just upset that i said its purchase by aol has been a disaster and that arianna huffington is ugly both inside and out donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) april 20 , 2014 . bettemidler talks about my hair but i ' m not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body so i won ' t . is this a double standard donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) october 28 , 2012 but it s not just the fact that this man , who is notorious for treating women with disrespect , thought it would be appropriate to address a large group of women about empowerment . trump couldn t even stick to talking points that would be relevant to the conference . instead , he spent his time boosting his own ego : you know what we ve done in our tax bill , and you know how successful it s been . when we won michigan i said i gotta keep her going . the black unemployment rate , the african - american unemployment rate , is the lowest it s ever been . we ve enacted massive tax cuts . you ve seen it . you see what s happening . the stock market is way up again today . we re setting a record literally every day . we ve made a tremendous amount of progress in a very , very short period of time . lying about the economy and border security : had the other side gotten in , the market would ve gone down fifty percent from where it was . fifty percent from where it was . remember that . it was stagnant and it was going down . ( this is an incorrect assumption . the stock market has gained value at roughly the same rate during several other administrations , both republican and democrat . as to the 50 percent projected lost . that has only happened twice in the history of the dow jones . stock performance is generally correlated with presidential performance , but even if that were something to consider , the only two huge stock market crashes were presided over by republican presidents who advocated for generally the same policies as trump . ) look at the gnp from the beginning . just take a look at that gnp gdp in particular . it was stuck and heading down . patently false . see the graph of gnp below . i mean , look what we ve done in terms of pipelines . forty - eight thousand jobs from almost day one . trump s assertion that he has already created 48 , 000 jobs because of his support of the pipelines has no backing in reality . the only thing that can be substantiated is that it has created some amount of jobs , according to a non - sourced opinion piece in the grand isle independent . it s possible that he s referring to a projection of jobs that may be created in the future . in that case , his claim is still false , as solid numbers have not been reported yet . when he did talk about women , he was commenting on a woman he hates : arkansas . great state . how did i win arkansas by so much when she came from arkansas ( he won with 60 . 6 percent of the vote . romney won arkansas with roughly the same percentage in 2008 . ) making vague statements about women : note : trump is very clearly reading this off of a piece of paper . we had women front and center , i think you know that . everyone up here has been a friend and very very special . but women represent half of the population but they care about 100 percentof the issues . or mentioning them in the context of his awesome performance as president : we re making incredible progress . the women s unemployment rate hit the lowest level that its been in 17 years . and , uh , women in the workforce reached a record high . more women in the workplace than ever before . that s really terrific , and especially since it s on my watch . i feel very proud of that . to be fair , he did spend approximately 29 seconds reading something off a sheet of paper about what he s done for women . but even during that short spiel , he grossly misrepresented the significance of being the first president to include paid family leave in his presidential budget . obama included this in his budget , every single year of his presidency . the only distinction is that obama s budget allocated the funds for state - run programs instead of a federal program . if you feel the need to watch this train wreck , go ahead and watch the whole thing here : featured image : getty / thos robinson / stringer
world world news and events . china the middle east , africa , russia , europe , united nations , brexit , european union , globalism , cuba , asia , south america video : starving venezuelans loot truck filled with live chickens this comes via a mexican newspaper called excelsior , and it references an event that took place last week . the video , via twitter , is only 11 seconds long . the truck carrying the chickens has just rear - ended someone , and as it s stopped to deal with the aftermath of the collision , people in the state of aragua who ve been having trouble finding food swoop in for a score : reportan asalto a camiones que transportan comida en carretera nacional a la altura de cagua y bellavista mcpio sucre aragua un pueblo desesperado con hambre y sin alternativas para superar esta desgracia de r gimen sosvzla pic . twitter . com / tnyt3p0cld mariela magallanes ( marimagallanesc ) january 12 , 2018 by dan calabrese - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story will the protests in iran affect the regime s priorities during the recent waves of protests in iran , much criticism was voiced against the country s involvement in regional conflicts , particularly given the difficult economic situation within iran itself . demonstrators called for resources to be diverted from overseas to benefit the iranian population . the large protests have since declined , but there are still some semblances of protest , indicating the resistance among portions of the public to continue sustaining the economic hardships . this article discusses the implications of the economic situation for the iranian regime s national priorities , including its support for elements engaged in undermining regional stability in the middle east . by inss - - shmuel even - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story venezuela still has the world s largest oil reserves , and no ability to get it out of the ground and you thought it was hard to get oil out of the american soil when obama was president . the problem there was that obama didn t want the oil pumped . he preferred to starve the u . s . oil industry while america continued to rely on foreign countries to meet our energy needs , because obama preferred a weak america with no geopolitical leverage or economic power on the global state . the socialist government in venezuela not only wants to get at the country s oil , it desperately needs it . the country s rich oil reserves are the only thing that gives nation s ravaged economy even the slightest chance of staying afloat . but the maduro regime is so inept , corrupt and malevolent , they ve actually destroyed their own ability to get at the oil . the wall street journal reports on what s happened in lake maracaibo in venezuela s zulia region , where decaying infrastructure and incompetent management has caused a once oil - rich location to become a useless eyesore : by dan calabrese - monday , january 22 , 2018 - full story neo - stalinism and the polish challenge courts have been turned into leverage for destruction of national democracies by the totalitarian system in late december , the european commission announced punitive measures against poland using the so - called nuclear option , article 7 of the lisbon treaty . the reason was the decision of warsaw to limit the power of judges . the eu considered this an infringement on freedom , democracy and the rule of law . in fact , the nuclear option of the eu has no relation to freedom , democracy , or the rule of law . its goal is to establish a totalitarian supranational system in poland , the leading country of the visegrad fronde , in order to supersede democratic national institutions of power . by alexander maistrovoy - sunday , january 21 , 2018 - full story plo ditches trump , undermines future un and eu support plo chairman mahmoud abbas s extraordinary two - hour - long anti - american and jew - hating diatribe delivered on january 14 must inevitably see : israel refusing to resume negotiations with the plo another arab partner replacing the plo to negotiate with israel in implementing president trump s eagerly - awaited ultimate deal . by david singer - sunday , january 21 , 2018 - full story unifil after security council resolution 2373 : same forces , more reports on august 30 , 2017 , the united nations security council adopted resolution 2373 , which extends resolution 1701 ( 2006 ) and the mandate of the united nation s interim force in lebanon ( unifil ) for another year . the main changes in resolution 2373 from earlier resolutions lie in the request to look at ways to enhance unifil s efforts including ways to increase unifil s visible presence within its existing mandate and to continue to issue prompt and detailed reports on violations of resolution 1701 on the restrictions to unifil s freedom of movement on specific areas where unifil does not access . . . and to further develop a reporting mechanism in order to provide concrete and detailed information on the aforementioned issues . israel s ambassador to the un danny danon described it as a significant political victory that could change the situation in southern lebanon and expose the terrorist enterprise that hezbollah established on israel s border , and added that the resolution requires unifil to open its eyes , and forces it to take action against hezbollah s military force buildup in the area . by inss - - assaf orion - sunday , january 21 , 2018 - full story unifil after security council resolution 2373 : same forces , more reports on august 30 , 2017 , the united nations security council adopted resolution 2373 , which extends resolution 1701 ( 2006 ) and the mandate of the united nation s interim force in lebanon ( unifil ) for another year . the main changes in resolution 2373 from earlier resolutions lie in the request to look at ways to enhance unifil s efforts including ways to increase unifil s visible presence within its existing mandate and to continue to issue prompt and detailed reports on violations of resolution 1701 on the restrictions to unifil s freedom of movement on specific areas where unifil does not access . . . and to further develop a reporting mechanism in order to provide concrete and detailed information on the aforementioned issues . israel s ambassador to the un danny danon described it as a significant political victory that could change the situation in southern lebanon and expose the terrorist enterprise that hezbollah established on israel s border , and added that the resolution requires unifil to open its eyes , and forces it to take action against hezbollah s military force buildup in the area . by inss - - assaf orion - sunday , january 21 , 2018 - full story israel s sustained economic growth tourism to israel rose by 24 . 6 in 2017 and reached a record level of 3 . 6 mn tourists , 800 , 000 from the usa . tourism comprises around 2 . 5 of israel s gdp and is a substantial employer a 35 growth in employment since 2010 . ( economist intelligence unit , january 15 , 2018 ) . israel s national debt - to - gdp ratio declines , systematically , from 70 . 6 in 2008 , 69 . 6 in 2010 , 67 . 1 in 2012 and 64 . 8 in 2014 to 60 . 6 in 2016 ( globes business daily , january 12 , 2018 ) . israel s exports are challenged by the appreciation of israel s shekel , reflecting the robust performance of israel s economy ( e . g . , keeping inflation at 1 - 3 ; 4 . 1 unemployment , rising gdp and gdp per capita , etc . ) . in 2017 , israel s exports surged , for the first time , beyond 100 bn ( 43 bn hightech ) a 5 increase over 2016 . by yoram ettinger - sunday , january 21 , 2018 - full story the real international resist movement behind the hype the resist movement in this country started , by their own website admission , fifty years ago with the protest against the war in vietnam . today , they are resisting with vile language and actions our president trump , his administration , police , all rational americans who do not believe in anthropogenic global warming / climate change , our borders , our sovereignty , free markets , and anything rational that involves thought instead of rabid feelings . antifa , a very fascistic organization , and blm , a very racist organization , and pink vagina - hats women , are the most prominent and visible groups of the resist movement . resistors are hateful , cowardly , but violent individuals who engage in barking to the sky episodes , howling at the moon , or just dressing like lunatics , twisting in animalistic rituals as a form of protest art . when they are not busy harassing and targeting cops , blocking interstates , highways , fire trucks and ambulances , they are trashing and burning neighborhoods and businesses of hard - working americans . by dr . ileana johnson paugh - monday , january 15 , 2018 - full story the un aftermath of president trump s announcement on jerusalem on december 6 , 2017 president trump announced that the united states recognizes jerusalem as israel s capital . what followed this controversial announcement in the un realm was a flurry of initiatives , including a draft resolution submitted to the security council by egypt ; a resolution submitted to the general assembly by yemen and turkey ; israel s withdrawal form unesco ( un educational , scientific and cultural organization ) , and president trump s threat to cut funding from unrwa ( un relief and work agency responsible for palestinian refugees ) . in the security council , the united states was forced to use its veto power to prevent a unanimous decision to support the draft resolution . this was the precise intention of the palestinian delegation , which reportedly held a series of bilateral meetings with council members to discuss the contours of a resolution that would be broadly acceptable to all members besides the united states . indeed , widely consensual parameters in the draft affirming that decisions vis - - vis jerusalem must comply with relevant resolutions of the security council , and calling for a reversal of trends imperiling the two - state solution were skillfully balanced with references to deep regret at recent decisions concerning the status of jerusalem ; assertions that actions that alter the status of jerusalem are null and void , and that all states should refrain from the establishment of diplomatic missions in jerusalem . the art of compromise and dialogue with security council players thus enabled the palestinians to achieve their objective and demonstrate poignantly the lack of international support for the american unilateral decision on jerusalem . by inss - - michal hatuel - radoshitzky - monday , january 15 , 2018 - full story israel - jordan negotiations could follow plo threat to boycott trump the palestine liberation organisation ( plo ) threat to refuse to negotiate with israel unless president trump withdraws his recognition of jerusalem as the capital of israel could see jordan replacing the plo as israel s negotiating partner to end the 100 years - old arab - jewish conflict . this threat unless unconditionally revoked would give trump the opportunity to consign the plo to the political wilderness by inviting jordan to step in and negotiate with israel over trump s eagerly - anticipated ultimate deal . by david singer - monday , january 15 , 2018 - full story how china is locking up critical resources in the us s own backyard in the 1800 s the united states under president james monroe invoked the monroe doctrine , which stated that any effort by european nations to control any independent state in north or south america would be viewed as an unfriendly disposition towards the united states . the intent of the monroe doctrine was to free the newly independent colonies of latin america from mostly spain and portugal , so that the states could exert its influence undisturbed . the monroe doctrine , first articulated in 1823 as a means of blocking external interference in the western hemisphere , was the central pillar of us policy toward latin america until barack obama s secretary of state , john kerry , told a roomful of latin american diplomats in 2013 that the era of the monroe doctrine is over . the statement was part of an effort to rehabilitate the us image in a region long accustomed to seeing the united states as seeking to control it through persuasion when possible , and force when necessary . in a policy paper published last december , craig deare , a dean at the us national defense university and now mr . trump s top latin america advisor on the national security council staff , denounced kerry s statement as a clear invitation to those extra - regional actors looking for opportunities to increase their influence . he specifically mentioned china . is trump resurrecting the monroe doctrine max paul friedman by rick mills - monday , january 15 , 2018 - full story is peter disoriented about the united nations on monday pope francis delivered the annual papal address to the diplomatic corps the vatican s ambassadors from over 180 nations . his speech focused on the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the general assembly of the united nations 70 years ago this past december 10 . the pope said , at a distance of seventy years , it is painful to see how many fundamental rights continue to be violated today . the problem is that the united nations is not about fundamental rights , but about the rights to revolt from god . the universal declaration of human rights adopted in 1948 was satanic in agenda , in that it was all about instigating rebellion against moral authority and initiating a new era that would take away our fundamental human rights , especially the right to life . it was about empowering those who advance the destruction of christianity through every form of moral corruption , including witchcraft , sodomy , pedophilia , and drug infiltration , and who from the beginning have determined to marginalize christians and infringe upon their religious liberty . by david martin - saturday , january 13 , 2018 - full story north korea games the olympics if the international olympic committee ever decides to add totalitarian cruelty and nuclear extortion to its roster of olympic sports , it might make sense for the ioc to bend over backwards to include north korea which would be a shoo - in for the gold . but the olympics are supposed to involve healthier forms of activity . so i d strongly urge a sober rethink of the applause we re now hearing for north korea s last - minute enrollment in the winter olympic games , to be held feb . 9 - 25 in pyeongchang , south korea . and there sure has been plenty of applause , from many quarters , for tuesday s inter - korean talks at panmunjom and the resulting joint north - south korean announcement that north korea would send a delegation to the olympics . by claudia rosett - - pj media - friday , january 12 , 2018 - full story what happens when socialists run out of other people s money prime minister thatcher once famously observed that socialists always run out of other people s money . but what actually happens when socialism runs out of money venezuela , a once wealthy nation with black gold coming out of the ground , is a test case . the socialist regime ran out of other people s money , and then out of money , years ago . the government met protests by its starving population with a 40 minimum wage hike . that s the usual socialist solution to what leftists call income inequality . the problem is that 40 of nothing is still zero . by daniel greenfield - friday , january 12 , 2018 - full story unicef works with radical pro - palestinian groups to demonize israel defense forces the united nations children s fund ( unicef ) is a un program that is supposed to provide humanitarian and developmental assistance to children around the world . while unicef does do valuable work on behalf of children , it is not the same organization that i remember collecting money for on halloween decades ago . in more recent times , unicef has partnered with radical organizations pursuing pro - palestinian and islamist agendas . ngo monitor produces and distributes critical analyses and reports on the activities of the international and local non - governmental organization ( ngo ) networks . it has just issued a scathing report claiming that unicef s occupied palestinian territory ( opt ) branch is working with radical anti - israel ngos to add the israel defense forces ( idf ) to a un blacklist of grave violators of children s rights . each year , the un secretary general publishes a report on children and armed conflict , which , since 2001 , has included an annex listing parties to armed conflict that engage in certain practices that fundamentally violate the rights of children . this annex is regarded as a blacklist of villainous entities that harm children . palestinians and their advocates are seeking to abuse the process by enlisting unicef to do their dirty work in demonizing israel yet again . by joseph a . klein , cfp united nations columnist - wednesday , january 10 , 2018 - full story norks announce their nuclear missiles only aimed at u . s . oh , and we ll be able to root against them as you know , i m bummed that russia has been booted from the 2018 winter olympics . sure , their athletes are finding a variety of ways around their country s embarrassing drug - related ban , but it s just not the same . fortunately , we ll have another global enemy to root against . after a historic meeting between north and south korean diplomats , kim jong un has announced that the ridiculously named democratic people s republic of korea will be sending athletes , reporters , and cheerleaders to the pyeongchang games . by robert laurie - tuesday , january 9 , 2018 - full story trump odds - on to defund unrwa if plo won t negotiate with israel president trump appears determined to defund the united nations relief and works agency ( unrwa ) should the palestine liberation organisation ( plo ) refuse to resume negotiations with israel . such negotiations suspended since april 2014 won t re - commence until trump s eagerly - awaited peace plan his ultimate deal - sees the light of day . until then current unrwa funding will probably continue . by david singer - saturday , january 6 , 2018 - full story iran erupts contrary to what many people think , iran is not a stable islamic state . the mullahs , like organized crime , have to hold their power over iran with blood , the blood of their people . yes , iran , or persia , as it was once called , has had their share of coups and revolutions , but for the most part , modern iran s problems began in 1950 when foreign influence began to change the nature of the country . for many older people in the east , western culture is as foreign to them as eastern culture is to us . the religious makeup of iran before the 1979 revolution was mainly shia muslims , but a significant number of jews , christians , and other faiths called iran home as well , and they all lived together just fine . by ray dilorenzo - saturday , january 6 , 2018 - full story iran s mad mullahs getting awfully nervous as street protests continue for seventh day things you can t imagine happening never happen . . . until they do . the berlin wall would never come down . the soviet union would surely not cease to exist . the cubs would never win a world series . donald trump couldn t possibly be elected president . things that can t happen because they simply can t remain inconceivable until events change the limits of what we can conceive . by dan calabrese - tuesday , january 2 , 2018 - full story
canadian news and politics canadian news and opinion , canadian news , canadian politics , conservative news and politics canada falls out of top 10 freest countries , u . s . up seven spots to 17 th toronto canada is no longer one of the 10 freest countries in the world , having dropped from fourth to 11 th in the new human freedom index , released today by the fraser institute and a network of international public policy think - tanks . the united states , which ranked 24 th last year , climbed to 17 th in the most recent report , which uses 79 indicators of personal , civil and economic freedoms to rank 159 countries and territories around the world . by fraser institute - thursday , january 25 , 2018 - full story justin trudeau : maybe he is just really , really stupid most canadians who do not spend their evenings drinking the liberal party kool aid do not like the way justin trudeau is running the country . they realize as leaders and politicians go , he is not the sharpest knife in the drawer . but it is possible even these people are actually overestimating his intelligence . as far as his mental abilities are concerned , he is probably a lot worse than most of us think he is . in a toronto sun column , lorne gunter wrote everything trudeau does is done because he is na ve . the major problem with the columnist s thinking is he is being too kind to the selfie - taking sock boy . as far as naivet goes , trudeau is looking at it in the rear view mirror . the reality is he is simply not bright enough to hold any job requiring more intelligence than his work experience before entering politics required ; part time drama teacher , snowboard instructor and bouncer . by arthur weinreb - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story trudeau s summer jobs ideology test will damage students and children the canada summer jobs program provides over 200 million per year to fund some 70 , 000 students with seasonal employment . just before christmas , prime minister justin trudeau changed the requirements for funding which now demands that applicants and employers sign a document to attest that they support women s reproductive rights , and the rights of gender - diverse and transgender canadians . dr . charles mcvety , president of canada christian college and school of graduate theological studies and the evangelical association , says i am very concerned about the children who will be hurt by trudeau s ideological test as their favourite camp worker will be rejected for not swearing to support abortion . it is sad to think of the thousands of christian students will lose their summer jobs for not attesting to multiple genders , jobs they depend upon to pay for fall tuition . all so the prime minister can flex his muscles to force young people to bow to his decrees . mcvety goes on to say christian leaders from across the country representing several million canadians are asking prime minister trudeau to withdraw his attack on christians and come to the table to discuss how to best support students with freedom and equality while recognizing that bible believing christians will be able to swear support abortion or multiple genders . this christians need not apply approach will not be tolerated under section 15 of the charter or by the court of public opinion . by dr . charles mcvety - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story canada has almost 20 per cent fewer doctors per capita than oecd average vancouver the number of doctors in canada ( per person ) lags far behind other developed countries , and if current trends continue , canada likely won t close the gap in the coming years , finds a new study released today by the fraser institute , an independent , non - partisan canadian public policy think - tank . physicians play a crucial role in canada s health - care system , but compared to other developed countries , canada has a low ratio of physicians to people , said steven globerman , international business professor at western washington university , fraser institute senior fellow and co - author of the supply of physicians in canada : projections and assessment . by fraser institute - thursday , january 18 , 2018 - full story unemployment rate now less reflective of overall labour market performance due to demographics vancouver a falling unemployment rate will not necessarily indicate a healthy growing labour market in the future , in part because canada s population is getting older and more canadians are retiring from the workforce , finds a new study by the fraser institute , an independent , non - partisan canadian public policy think - tank . historically , the unemployment rate and the employment rate worked in tandem when one went up , the other went down but that s not always true anymore , said jason clemens , executive vice - president of the fraser institute and co - author of why the unemployment rate is no longer a reliable gauge of labour market performance . by fraser institute - tuesday , january 16 , 2018 - full story will universal daycare come to ontario economics is not an exact science . this is why president harry truman asked for a one - armed economist because he was tired of being told on the one hand , but on the other hand but it is basic economics 101 that if a business s costs increase , that business will end up raising its prices . on jan . 1 , 2018 , ontario s minimum wage increased from 11 . 60 an hour to 14 an hour , an increase of 21 percent . and this percentage does not include related increases employers must pay for contribution to their employees costs for employment insurance and the canada pension plan . also not included in the increase are other wage hikes employers will have to give their workers who made more than 11 . 60 an hour at the end of 2017 but less than the now minimum wage . this large increase is a disaster for the province . by arthur weinreb - monday , january 15 , 2018 - full story opioids in canada : one - in - eight have family or close friends who faced addiction january 11 , 2018 the thousands of deaths across canada as a result of opioid use and addiction has been a dominating public health , public safety , and public policy issue for more than two years . beyond the headlines and the grim statistics , a new public opinion poll from the angus reid institute finds this nationwide epidemic striking close to home for a significant number of canadians . one - in - eight ( 12 ) the equivalent of nearly 3 . 5 million canadian adults say they have close friends or family members who have become dependent on opioids in the last five years . by angus reid institute - thursday , january 11 , 2018 - full story cpp tax increase and ottawa s income tax changes mean higher taxes for virtually every canadia vancouver more than 90 per cent of canadian families with children will pay higher taxes once the canada pension plan ( cpp ) tax increases are fully implemented , finds a new study released today by the fraser institute , an independent , non - partisan canadian public policy think - tank . the first of seven increases to the cpp tax , which all workers must pay , will start this time next year . by fraser institute - thursday , january 11 , 2018 - full story mayor needs to make sure taxpayers aren t stuck with union bills regina , sk : the canadian taxpayers federation ( ctf ) is calling on the city of winnipeg to establish a clear and firm policy to ensure that taxpayers aren t paying the bills for unions . it s bad enough to find out taxpayers are footing the bill for 60 per cent of the salary for the firefighters union president who is on leave from the city , but it s even worse to find out the mayor and council didn t even know about the one - sided deal , said todd mackay , prairie director for the ctf . taxpayers shouldn t have to cover the costs on both sides of the bargaining table the city of winnipeg needs to get a handle on the situation and make it clear : unions need to pay their own bills . by canadian taxpayers federation - - todd mackay ctf prairie director - thursday , january 11 , 2018 - full story canada s biggest cities much less dense than other major u . s . , international urban centres toronto canadian cities including toronto and vancouver , which are experiencing an affordability crunch can accommodate much more housing supply as they have much lower population densities than other major urban centres around the world , finds a new study by the fraser institute , an independent , non - partisan canadian public policy think - tank . compared to their international peers , canadian cities have much lower levels of density , and thus an ability to expand the supply of housing , said josef filipowicz , senior policy analyst with the fraser institute s centre for municipal studies and author of room to grow : comparing urban density in canada and abroad . by fraser institute - tuesday , january 9 , 2018 - full story how tim horton s blew it bigtime no matter how destructive you think ontario premier kathleen wynne s idea was to increase the province s minimum wage law a whopping amount , a couple of tim hortons franchisees and the franchisor played it wrong . in the end , with the help of the business - hating media , wynne has emerged the winner in the battle over whether the increase in the minimum wage is good or bad . ontario s fair workplaces , better jobs act , 2017 , took effect on jan . 1 ( you know a law can t be good when it contains the word fair . ) among its provisions , the provinces minimum wage increased from 1 l . 60 an hour to 14 . under the legislation the minimum wage is set to increase again to 15 an hour in january 2019 . although businesses should and do expect minimum wages to increase as other prices do , the 2018 increase represents a 23 increase in low wage levels . as employers have to contribute to the employees canada pension and employment insurance payments , the cost to these employers will be more than just the 2 . 40 increase in the hourly wage . by arthur weinreb - tuesday , january 9 , 2018 - full story cover - up of rights violations in high river forced entries on august 7 , 2014 , a telephone poll of all listed phone numbers in high river , alberta showed that 53 percent of high river respondents would refuse orders to evacuate their homes in the event of another flood . on september 9 , 2016 another telephone poll of all listed phone numbers in high river produced similar results : less than half of high river residents trust the rcmp to protect their homes and property in the event of another emergency evacuation order . no newspaper has reported the results of these polls ( or the other two telephone polls conducted for the national firearms association ) and no government has bothered to conduct an independent poll to verify or clarify these results . by dennis r . young - thursday , january 4 , 2018 - full story ontario wishes you a merry christmas and a petty new tax year a new year in ontario always comes with a few predictable staples ; fireworks , champagne , a countdown to midnight , and petty increases to taxes and regulatory fees by the provincial government . we re not talking about big picture changes to income taxes . there is no significant change there . a two - child , single - income family earning 60 , 000 per year will have no change to their income taxes . by canadian taxpayers federation - - christine van geyn , ctf ontario director - thursday , january 4 , 2018 - full story manitobans don t want a carbon tax an insightrix survey asked 603 manitobans a simple question during december : do you support or oppose a carbon tax in manitoba fifty per cent oppose a carbon tax while 31 per cent support it and 19 per cent are unsure . here s the reason for that opposition . a carbon tax will cost manitobans 260 million per year , but there s no evidence it will stop global climate change . in fact , the canadian taxpayers federation analysed manitoba s performance on indicators cited in the province s climate and green plan . the numbers show that even without a carbon tax , manitoba is already outperforming the nation generally and even british columbia with its carbon tax . unfortunately , the province is unswayed by facts . by canadian taxpayers federation - - todd mackay ctf prairie director - wednesday , january 3 , 2018 - full story top business leaders like top athletes , musicians , actors highly sought after , very well vancouver historically high levels of compensation for top business leaders in canada is not unusual , given the high levels of compensation that top global athletes , musicians and actors also receive , finds a new study released today by the fraser institute , an independent , non - partisan canadian public policy think - tank . top performers in any industry sports , music , movies and the global business community are compensated at historically high levels because they are in high demand globally , there are limited substitutes and they re highly mobile , making it fierce competition for the very best , said jason clemens , fraser institute executive vice - president and co - author of ceo to worker pay : a broader examination . by fraser institute - wednesday , january 3 , 2018 - full story trump tax cuts could spell trouble for canada prime minister pierre trudeau once remarked that canada s relationship with the united states was like sleeping next to an elephant : no matter how friendly and even - tempered is the beast , one is affected by every twitch and grunt . well , forget twitches and grunts . with the biggest tax cut in decades being signed into law south of the border , the elephant is about to start doing somersaults in the bed and if our own politicians don t take action , the canadian economy could end up getting squashed . by canadian taxpayers federation - - aaron wudrick , federal director - tuesday , january 2 , 2018 - full story ctf releases new year s tax changes for 2018 quebec s lowest income tax bracket drops from 16 to 15 federal small business tax rate drops to 10 from 10 . 5 british columbia cuts medical services premium in half and hikes taxes on high income earners bracket creep remains a problem in several provinces carbon tax hikes in alberta , while new carbon taxes loom on the horizon nationally ottawa , on : the canadian taxpayers federation ( ctf ) has released its annual report crunching the numbers on new year s tax changes for canadians , most of whom will only see minor changes in their tax bill for 2018 . federally , employment insurance ( ei ) premiums will rise slightly , costing employees and employers an additional 9 and 13 per year , respectively . the indexation of the canada child benefit ( ccb ) will also come into force on july 1 , 2018 , leading to a slight decrease in payments to eligible families on january 1 st . by canadian taxpayers federation - - aaron wudrick , federal director - wednesday , december 27 , 2017 - full story manitobans oppose carbon taxes - survey winnipeg , mb : an insightrix research survey commissioned by the canadian taxpayers federation ( ctf ) shows that 50 per cent of manitobans oppose a carbon tax and only 31 per cent are in favour . premier brian pallister continues to ignore an obvious fact : manitobans don t want a carbon tax , said todd mackay , prairie director for the ctf . premier pallister s carbon tax will cost manitobans 260 million every year , but there s no evidence that it will actually impact global climate change and manitobans simply don t support the scheme . by canadian taxpayers federation - - todd mackay ctf prairie director - thursday , december 21 , 2017 - full story terminate the damaging green energy agreement on schedule bob yaciuk , leader of the trillium party of ontario , has formally called for a full and open public discussion of the role of solar and wind energy in ontario before the ontario government extends or replaces the green energy investment agreement . mr . yaciuk said : ontario s citizens and businesses must be protected against the damaging increases in electricity prices that have been caused by this agreement that the liberal government signed with the korea electric power corporation ( kepco ) and samsung , not to mention the effects of the rural communities that are suffering under the effects of these renewable projects . the contract must not be extended beyond its scheduled end on december 31 , 2017 . the agreement , as modified in 2013 , called on kepco and samsung ( korea consortium ) to design , construct and operate 1000 megawatts ( mw . ) of wind powered plants and 300 mw . of solar generating facilities in three phases before december 31 , 2016 and to manage those facilities until the agreement formally ends on december 31 , 2017 . by news on the net - thursday , december 21 , 2017 - full story actually , minister joly got it right with netflix in september 2016 , heritage minister melanie joly launched a review of the federal government s cultural policies with the laudable goal of making them better suited to today s digital reality . the result , released a year later , was rather short of a revolution , including such predictable boilerplate as more taxpayers subsidies for cultural corporate welfare ( also known as the canada media fund ( cmf ) ) , and more tax dollars to help promote canadian content abroad . there would even be a new creative industries council , creatively created to help the creative industry counsel the government on creativity . by canadian taxpayers federation - - aaron wudrick , federal director - thursday , december 21 , 2017 - full story
it seems religion in america just can t catch a break . religious affiliation and participation continue to dive , driven in part by young generations uninterested in belonging to anything , least of all churches . and now newly published research suggests that the internet which faith communities had hoped would bridge the gap with millennials and the nones may have a hand in keeping those and other demographics away .
please submit transitions including staff changes , ordinations , anniversaries or deaths to barbara francis . this page will be updated weekly . staff changes kent berghuis , to first baptist church , dayton , ohio , as lead pastor . previously he was senior pastor of first baptist church , oklahoma city , okla . trevor brown , to first baptist church , amarillo , texas , as associate pastor . he comes from first baptist church , round rock , texas , where he was minister to students . larry fields , to oakwood baptist church , knoxville , tenn . , as pastor . kim gunn , concluding her tenure as minister to children at new highland baptist church , mechanicsville , va . , effective feb . 28 . david hughes , to first baptist church , augusta , ga . , as minister to students , effective march 5 . he recently served as youth minister at first baptist church , easley , s . c . gina c . jacobs - strain , to american baptist women s ministries , as executive director , effective feb . 1 . she is department chair of the division of student success at nyack college , nyack , n . y . , and associate regional pastor for women in ministry for american baptist churches of new jersey . david jordan , to first baptist church , decatur , ga . , as senior pastor , effective march 11 . he comes from providence baptist church , charlotte , n . c . , where he was teaching pastor . suzette mason , to first baptist church , norman , okla . , as minister of discipleship and children . she comes from first baptist church , tallahassee , fla . , where she was minister of children . enrique newman , to north scituate ( r . i . ) baptist church , as interim pastor . scotty robertson , to first baptist church , middletown , ohio , as pastor . he comes from the pastorate of mill creek ( ind . ) baptist church . todd tenaglia , to karl road baptist church , columbus , ohio , as children s director . hal west , to first baptist church , walterboro , n . c . , as transitional pastor . baptist news global provides a free listing of ministry - related jobs for baptist churches , theological institutions and organizations across the united states . click here to learn more . retirements james e . bennett jr . , retiring as minister of music and worship at first baptist church , aiken , s . c . , where he has served since 1997 . randolph miller , retiring as pastor of eastwood baptist church , medford , oregon . ordinations linsey addington , ordained to ministry on jan . 21 by church at ponce and highland , atlanta , ga . david klock , ordained to ministry by colonial park community church , harrisburg , pa . , on jan . 7 . deaths william s . fairhurst iii , 86 , died on jan . 5 in oneonta , n . y . he served american baptist churches in millers mills , weedsport , meridian and rose in new york , as well as churches in maine and new hampshire . he is survived by his wife , mary louise ; children , deborah cooper , cynthia ploutz , jennifer bowdoin , patricia fairhurst and william fairhurst ; 14 grandchildren and four great - grandchildren . dale lee gore , 83 , died jan . 18 in grand prairie , texas . he had served as pastor of these texas baptist churches : baggett creek in gustine ; first baptist in whitewright ; first baptist in goldthwaite ; trinity in sherman ; first baptist in denison ; and elm grove in belton . he was director of missions for grayson and austin baptist associations . he served on the executive board of the baptist general convention of texas , the texas baptist children s home board and the howard payne university board of trustees . he is survived by his wife , laverne ; two sons , dennis and jeffrey ; daughter , jane cluck ; nine grandchildren and four great - grandchildren . kudos staff anniversary brian lockamy , 20 years as associate minister for students at new hope baptist church , raleigh , n . c . in case you missed them : transitions for the week of 01 . 19 . 18 transitions for the week of 01 . 12 . 18 transitions for the week of 01 . 05 . 18 transitions for the week of 12 . 29 . 17
baptist news global provides a free listing of ministry - related jobs for baptist churches , theological institutions and organizations across the united states . each posting is for 30 days and is limited to 150 words . businesses may purchase a post in the and more section for 1 . 20 per word ( minimum of 50 for 30 days ) . to submit a ministry - related job or inquire about other advertising options on this page , contact barbara francis at 336 - 717 - 1135 , ext . 8 or [ email protected ] . ministry jobs california community pastor . first baptist church , pasadena , ca , outside of los angeles , is seeking a community pastor to join our awesome team . this is a full - time position with benefits . our church is affiliated with the american baptist churches family . full details about the position are at < URL > or by emailing [ email protected ] for more info . candidates accepted until the position is filled . we will begin reviewing applications in january of 2018 . ( posted 12 . 13 . 17 ) back to top of page georgia minister of spiritual development . first baptist church of roswell , ga , is seeking a full - time minister of spiritual development who will lead the church in planning , conducting and evaluating a comprehensive , well - rounded , multifaceted christian education and spiritual formation program for all adult age groups and stages of faith . the minister will also develop and administer a plan of outreach , assimilating new members into the spiritual development program of the church . a seminary degree is expected ; a minimum of three to five years of congregational experience is preferred . a full job description is available at www . fbroswell . org . review of applications will begin march 1 . a cover letter and resume may be sent to [ email protected ] or to the attention of the search committee , first baptist church , 710 mimosa blvd . , roswell , ga 30075 . ( posted 01 . 16 . 18 ) associate pastor . first baptist church of griffin , ga , a moderate congregation , is seeking an associate pastor to join our ministry staff . he or she needs to have strong people , preaching , and management skills . this person must work well as a team with other ministers and focus upon the entire congregation . however , he / she will lead and preach weekly in the connexion worship ministry , our contemporary service that meets at the same time as our traditional service . this candidate will at times throughout the church year also preach in the traditional service . preference will be given to candidates with an m . div . degree from an accredited seminary and a minimum of four years of church ministry / preaching experience . resumes and cover letters will be received at [ email protected ] riffin . org until feb . 15 , 2018 . ( 01 . 16 . 18 ) minster to students . first baptist church of griffin , ga , a moderate congregation , is seeking a skilled and passionate full - time minister to students to join a staff of four other ministers . this staff minister , male or female , is responsible for planning , coordinating and evaluating a comprehensive ministry to students , grade 6 through college . a seminary graduate is preferred . salary is commensurate with experience . candidates should send a resume and cover letter to [ email protected ] no later than feb . 15 , 2018 . ( 01 . 16 . 18 ) back to top of page indiana pastor . westport baptist church , an american baptist church in westport , indiana , seeks an energetic pastor to guide them in the next chapter of their ministry . the applicant will show evidence of a servant leader s heart ; have strong and challenging biblically - based teaching and preaching ability ; and be passionate about evangelism and discipleship , while assisting the church in reaching its community with the good news of jesus christ . this is a lively congregation of 85 - 100 in worship , with a history of long - term pastoral leadership , strong youth programming and community ministry / involvement . the church owns a building across the street from the church structure , used for sunday school and many community activities . a graduate theological degree is expected and recognition of one s ordination by american baptist churches will be required . please send resume or abps profile to rev . soozi whitten ford ( [ email protected ] ) . church website : www . westportbaptistchurch . org . ( posted 01 . 05 . 18 ) senior pastor . american baptist church in city in east central indiana ( population 35 , 664 ) seeking a senior pastor . this is a full - time position in a church which runs approximately 205 in worship with an annual budget of 435 k . the church seeks a pastor who is a solid biblical teacher who would work well with strong leaders in a healthy congregation . american baptist experience and ordination preferred , as well as a minimum of five years of experience in pastoral ministry . immediate start date . please send resumes or contact phyllis goodyear , region minister for american baptist churches of indiana and kentucky at [ email protected ] g . ( posted 11 . 20 . 17 ) back to top of page mississippi senior pastor . university baptist church , hattiesburg , ms , is seeking a senior pastor . we desire a dynamic and energetic minister with strong preaching skills , and at least five years of ministry experience . candidates should hold a masters or doctoral degree from an accredited seminary or divinity school . we are affiliated with cbf and alliance of baptists and adhere to historical baptist principles of priesthood of the believer and the autonomy of the local church . ubc is an open and affirming congregation and supports both women and men in ministry positions . the senior pastor will serve as the leader of the church s pastoral ministries and will work with deacons , standing committees and the co ngregation to minister to members and others in our community . salary and benefits will depend on qualifi cations and experience and will range from 65 , 000 to 75 , 000 . hattiesburg is a city of 50 , 000 and home to the university of southern mississippi and william carey university , two community colleges and a large regional public health facility , forrest general hospital . for more information on university baptist church , please visit www . ubchm . org . submit cover letter and resume to [ email protected ] . deadline for applications is february 1 , 2018 . ( posted 12 . 12 . 17 ) back to top of page missouri associate pastor for youth and community engagement . kirkwood baptist church , kirkwood , mo , is seeking a creative , energetic , and motivated person to work with our youth and be the staff liaison for our community engagement opportunities . this position will require a person to take initiative and work both independently and as part of a four - person ministerial team . if you are interested , please send your resume to [ email protected ] . website : < URL > ( posted 01 . 16 . 18 ) back to top of page north carolina pastor . gravel hill baptist church , denton , nc , is seeking a full - time or would consider bi - vocational pastor . we are a 110 year old kjv southern baptist church with a congregation of 50 - 100 with a vibrant youth ministry . we are seeking a spirit filled man of god to serve as under sheppard of our flock . if interested please send resume with salary expectations to [ email protected ] which will be forwarded to our search committee . ( posted 01 . 22 . 18 ) associate pastor . pullen memorial baptist church , near downtown and ncsu in raleigh , nc , seeks an associate pastor to serve full time with full benefits . pullen is a 130 plus year old social - justice oriented , progressive , ecumenical , inclusive , welcoming and affirming abc / alliance of baptists church . we believe in a radical vision that all people are created in the image of god , an expansive love beyond humanity s limits . we affirm that there are many paths to god and that no one person or religion holds all the truth . read more about us on our website , especially < URL > and < URL > qualifications : ordained minister in the christian tradition . graduation from an accredited college or university with a bachelor s degree ; graduation from an accredited seminary or graduate school with a master of divinity or comparable degree , and at least five years of experience in christian education , pastoral care , work with seniors , young adults , and / or congregational life activities , supervisory responsibilities , or comparable work experience . send resume and cover letter to [ email protected ] or mail to pullen memorial baptist church , attn : associate pastor search committee , 1801 hillsborough street , raleigh , nc 27605 . resumes will be accepted until the position is filled , but apply by february 15 th for assured consideration . position open after may 1 . for more detailed information , please review the associate pastor job description at www . pullen . org / jobs . ( posted 01 . 16 . 18 ) back to top of page pennsylvania full - time pastor . the first baptist church of lewisburg , founded in 1844 and located in lewisburg , pa , the home of bucknell university , is seeking a full - time pastor . we are an american baptist church in the tradition of roger williams thus we accept no humanly devised confession or creed as binding . as a welcoming and affirming congregation , we come from a variety of backgrounds and embrace a pluralism of race , ethnicity and gender . we acknowledge that there are individual differences of conviction and theology among our members , hence , our credo free to think , bound to serve . responsibilities for the position include : provide a teaching ministry based on theological , educational and historical foundations ; communicate a comprehensive understanding of the bible in terms relevant to person s lives ; create an atmosphere in which people feel accepted and included ; provide opportunities for individual , couples and / or family counseling ; support the church s community outreach through existing programs ; and make formal and informal connections with church members and others in their homes or other settings . preferred skills include : an accredited , ordained minister ; strong preaching and pastoral skills ; participation in the life and activities of the church ; church growth planning experience ; an interest in continuing education ; and the ability to communicate with people of all ages and backgrounds . recent graduates of an accredited christian seminary are also encouraged to apply . for additional information and to receive a copy of our church profile , please contact mike wilson , pulpit committee chair at [ email protected ] . ( posted 01 . 16 . 18 ) back to top of page south carolina full - time minister of music . oakland baptist church , rock hill , sc , a theologically moderate church located in rock hill , sc , is seeking a minister of music . the minister of music will be a devoted follower of christ , hold a music degree , and have a background that includes theological training , experience as a church musician conducting choirs and handbells , and the ability to participate in and / or provide guidance for traditional and non - traditional services . please visit < URL > for more information on this position . send resumes to [ email protected ] . ( posted 01 . 18 . 18 ) pastoral resident . first baptist church , greenville , sc , is seeking a recent seminary graduate to serve as pastoral resident . the pastoral residency program offers an exciting opportunity for the resident to gain invaluable pastoral experience in collaboration with an innovative pastoral staff and a teaching congregation . over the course of two years the pastoral resident will engage in various responsibilities and educational opportunities that will expand the resident s knowledge and skills , as well as deepen their sense of pastoral identity and authority . we anticipate the resident beginning in june 2018 . the position is salaried and with benefits . potential candidates should go to < URL > for more information and an application . ( posted 01 . 17 . 18 ) associate youth minister . first baptist church , greenville , sc , is seeking an associate youth minister . this is a full - time staff position with benefits . this position is an entry - level position , assisting our full time minister of youth and recreation and is designed for recent seminary or divinity school graduates . using their gifts and talents for ministry , they should have a passion for ministering to youth and their families ages 6 th grade through 12 th grade in a large youth ministry . this position offers foundational experience and an expansion of knowledge and skill in collaboration with an innovative pastoral staff and youth minister with 10 years of experience . the associate youth minister will report directly to the minister of youth and recreation . full job description and application : < URL > ( posted 01 . 16 . 18 ) back to top of page texas full - time minister of music and outreach . university baptist church , austin , tX , is seeking a minister of music and outreach who is responsible for leading music for worship and directing the choir at ubc . we are seeking a musical , creative individual who can work collaboratively with pastoral staff and lay leaders . learn more at www . ubcaustin . org . send resumes to [ email protected ] . ( posted 01 . 18 . 18 ) senior pastor . second baptist church of lubbock , texas , a moderate cbf church , is seeking a senior pastor for only the fifth time in 59 years . if interested , provide a resume to [ email protected ] . ( posted 12 . 12 . 17 ) back to top of page virginia senior pastor . glen allen baptist church , glen allen , va , is seeking a senior pastor to provide christian based leadership for the life and work of glen allen baptist church ; develop meaningful services of worship ; provide pastoral care to the people within the church and community ; cultivate the development and direction of the spiritual leadership for all staff personnel . the candidate should be a graduate of an accredited college or university , a master of divinity is preferred . five plus years of experience as a pastor in a baptist church with experience in managing others is desired . applications can be sent to [ email protected ] . ( posted 01 . 23 . 18 ) minister to families with youth . first baptist waynesboro , va is seeking to hire a full - time minister to families with youth . applicants should have experience and a passion for ministering alongside youth and their families . candidates with a degree from an accredited seminary and / or experience in a congregational setting are preferred . first baptist waynesboro is affiliated with the baptist general association of virginia and the cooperative baptist fellowship . candidates must be willing to serve in a context that is theologically diverse , to embrace women and men in all levels of leadership , to understand child development , and to value a holistic ( spiritual , mental , physical , and emotional ) approach to meeting the needs of the community . resumes with a cover letter may be submitted to [ email protected ] . ( posted 01 . 16 . 18 ) senior pastor . kilmarnock baptist church , kilmarnock , va . , is searching for a senior pastor that feels led to our church . the church is located in a rural waterfront community in kilmarnock on the northern neck of virginia . we are seeking a leader who is excited about his / her calling ; exhibits interpersonal skills described in i corinthians 13 : 4 - 7 ; is dynamic and energetic ; possesses strong preaching skills ; and is vigilant in maintaining contact with all church members . our church practices community involvement with other area churches and is rich with seniors who are active in missions . the pastor , staff and church members , working together , will strive to be effective witnesses to spread the gospel of jesus christ in our community . we are aligned with bgav . submit your resume to [ email protected ] before january 31 , 2018 . website : < URL > ( posted 12 . 14 . 17 ) back to top of page and more back to top of page
advertise reach your audience and customers with baptist news global baptist news global is a reader - supported , nonprofit news organization providing original and curated news , opinion and analysis about matters of faith to more than 3 . 2 million readers annually . bng covers people , events and ideas that are shaping american culture and baptist life . numerous advertising , sponsorships and underwriting options are available on baptistnews . com , our signature website bng headlines , our daily email service herald , our magazine published five times a year two of the most popular pages on our website : ministry jobs , postings by churches searching for pastors and church staff , and transitions , our compilation of ministry changes across baptist life by marketing through baptist news global , you will reach a highly - engaged audience that includes pastors , staff and other key leaders in more than 4 , 500 churches nationwide students and faculty at faith - based universities , theology schools and seminaries leaders of organizations affiliated with national and regional baptist networks and other christian groups christian women and men who are influencers in their communities your advertisement or content sponsorship also demonstrates your support for an independent , trustworthy source of news and opinion for baptists and other christians . bng s classifieds for churches and other ministries . reach your audience as a sponsor of this popular page . bng s media guide provides an overview of our online and print readership , bng s advertising policy and discounts available with advertising packages . to request a guide , contact : barbara francis advertising manager [ email protected ] 336 . 717 . 1135 , ext . 8 804 - 698 - 0749
donald trump has a long history of lying about money . in fact , bolstering his image as a successful businessman takes up much of his time . he claimed to be worth 10 billion . he s not worth 10 billion . he promised to finance his own campaign ( via his now defunct campaign website that can be viewed here . ) : i am self funding my campaign so i don t owe anything to lobbyists and special interests . i will bring the greatest negotiators and smartest operators to washington to help make america great again didn t self - finance his entire campaign . in total , he raised 339 million , contributing only 66 million of his own money . that works out to about 19 . he claimed to donate to charity ( via an interview with playboy ) : i give millions for charity each year . but an extensive search by a washington post reporter showed that his claims were vastly different than reality . an exhaustive article from buzzfeed news came to the same conclusion . so , it comes as no surprise that trump is now under fire for the shady management of his inaugural fund . that is unless you are donald trump and are looking to make a quick buck . his inaugural committee worked hard , focusing on maximizing private donations to this fund . and at the final accounting , he raised about 107 million . this huge amount of money was more than enough to offset the costs of the events , which is why trump pledged to give the remainder to charity . the promises started in march of 2017 . from the washington post : and the committee that raised a record 90 million for trump s inauguration pledged that , after running a no - frills celebration , the remaining funds would be given to charity . in june , the associated press followed up on the pledge , asking the committee chair tom barrack about the progress regarding the charity donation ( reported by cbs ) : barrack told the ap in june that a full and clean external audit has been conducted and completed of the inaugural committee s finances , though the committee would not share a copy with ap or say who performed it . september just brought more excuses from barrack ( via the associated press ) : in a recent statement , barrack said the committee s donations to charity surely will exceed any previous inauguration , but will have to wait until the end of november , when he said the committee will publicly disclose details about its finances . the november deadline came and went , and now here we are in january , a year after these funds were accepted by the trump administration , still waiting for answers . not one iota of information about the funds or any proof of charitable donations has been released . his pledge to use these funds to donate to hurricane harvey victims has been reported , but not proven . the only confirmed statement is that some of these funds were used to redecorate both the white house and vp pence s accommodations . maybe there wasn t enough gold after all , don - don does think the white house isn t quite up to his standards : it came from a reporter at < URL > first in august and then it was confirmed that it is a dump . < URL > justin ptak ( justinptak ) january 14 , 2018 this has prompted public outcry : " barrack said the committee s donations to charity surely will exceed any previous inauguration , ' but will have to wait until the end of november , when he said the committee will publicly disclose details about its finances . " months later , still nothing . < URL > citizens for ethics ( crewcrew ) january 5 , 2018 church and state are separate . one should not be denied medical anything because of their religions or sexually orientation . and another thing you big faker , you never gave the left over inauguration money to charity like you promised . yoU are trying to Kill the american spirit cheryl sheppard ( camsheppard1 ) january 18 , 2018 realdonaldtrump paid off porn stars to Keep QUiet aboUt affairs with slimey potUs where are the leftover millions of dollars from his sad sad inaUgUration the inauguration that noone wanted to perform at was supposed to go to charity trUmp is a crooK liar . < URL > lady turnip ( duchessrutabaga ) january 18 , 2018 now it s time to hold trump accountable . where s the money , don where s the missing 50 million featured image via getty images
donald trump has a long history of lying about money . in fact , bolstering his image as a successful businessman takes up much of his time . he claimed to be worth 10 billion . he s not worth 10 billion . he promised to finance his own campaign ( via his now defunct campaign website that can be viewed here . ) : i am self funding my campaign so i don t owe anything to lobbyists and special interests . i will bring the greatest negotiators and smartest operators to washington to help make america great again didn t self - finance his entire campaign . in total , he raised 339 million , contributing only 66 million of his own money . that works out to about 19 . he claimed to donate to charity ( via an interview with playboy ) : i give millions for charity each year . but an extensive search by a washington post reporter showed that his claims were vastly different than reality . an exhaustive article from buzzfeed news came to the same conclusion . so , it comes as no surprise that trump is now under fire for the shady management of his inaugural fund . that is unless you are donald trump and are looking to make a quick buck . his inaugural committee worked hard , focusing on maximizing private donations to this fund . and at the final accounting , he raised about 107 million . this huge amount of money was more than enough to offset the costs of the events , which is why trump pledged to give the remainder to charity . the promises started in march of 2017 . from the washington post : and the committee that raised a record 90 million for trump s inauguration pledged that , after running a no - frills celebration , the remaining funds would be given to charity . in june , the associated press followed up on the pledge , asking the committee chair tom barrack about the progress regarding the charity donation ( reported by cbs ) : barrack told the ap in june that a full and clean external audit has been conducted and completed of the inaugural committee s finances , though the committee would not share a copy with ap or say who performed it . september just brought more excuses from barrack ( via the associated press ) : in a recent statement , barrack said the committee s donations to charity surely will exceed any previous inauguration , but will have to wait until the end of november , when he said the committee will publicly disclose details about its finances . the november deadline came and went , and now here we are in january , a year after these funds were accepted by the trump administration , still waiting for answers . not one iota of information about the funds or any proof of charitable donations has been released . his pledge to use these funds to donate to hurricane harvey victims has been reported , but not proven . the only confirmed statement is that some of these funds were used to redecorate both the white house and vp pence s accommodations . maybe there wasn t enough gold after all , don - don does think the white house isn t quite up to his standards : it came from a reporter at < URL > first in august and then it was confirmed that it is a dump . < URL > justin ptak ( justinptak ) january 14 , 2018 this has prompted public outcry : " barrack said the committee s donations to charity surely will exceed any previous inauguration , ' but will have to wait until the end of november , when he said the committee will publicly disclose details about its finances . " months later , still nothing . < URL > citizens for ethics ( crewcrew ) january 5 , 2018 church and state are separate . one should not be denied medical anything because of their religions or sexually orientation . and another thing you big faker , you never gave the left over inauguration money to charity like you promised . yoU are trying to Kill the american spirit cheryl sheppard ( camsheppard1 ) january 18 , 2018 realdonaldtrump paid off porn stars to Keep QUiet aboUt affairs with slimey potUs where are the leftover millions of dollars from his sad sad inaUgUration the inauguration that noone wanted to perform at was supposed to go to charity trUmp is a crooK liar . < URL > lady turnip ( duchessrutabaga ) january 18 , 2018 now it s time to hold trump accountable . where s the money , don where s the missing 50 million featured image via getty images
american politics , news , opinion american news , american politics , us politics , political opinion , conservative columnists , united states of america , usa judicial watch sues for text messages of fbi s strzok and page ( washington , dc ) judicial watch announced today that it filed a freedom of information ( foia ) lawsuit against the justice department for text messages and other records of fbi official peter strzok and fbi attorney lisa page ( judicial watch v . u . s . department of justice ( no . 1 : 18 - cv - 00154 ) ) . by judicial watch - thursday , january 25 , 2018 - full story uganda s president : i love trump because he tells africans frankly apparently not everyone in africa is as easily offended as the american media or whoever else believes a word dick durbin says . president yoweri museveni of uganda isn t even sure donald trump called african countries shitholes - and neither is anyone else who wasn t in the meeting , since the renowned liar durbin is the only on - the - record source saying he did - but museveni doesn t seem too concerned about it . in fact , he thinks it s a sign of strength that you can deal with the president of the united states calling your country a shithole : by dan calabrese - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story hhs upholding the law riles liberal media washington , d . c . - liberal media are upset that the u . s . department of health and human services ( hhs ) is committed to upholding the rule of law and religious freedom . politico and the soros - funded media matters targeted roger severino , director of the office of civil rights , and also shannon royce , the director of the center for faith - based and neighborhood partnership . the articles by politico and media matters were promoted by last week s announcement that hhs was establishing the conscience and religious freedom division to review complaints on alleged violations of established federal law that prevents such discrimination . roger severino with the office of civil rights , who will serve as the director of the conscience and religious freedom division , is an accomplished lawyer . he graduated from harvard law school with a juris doctor degree . he has a master s degree in public policy with high distinction from carnegie mellon university and an undergraduate degree in business from the university of southern california , where he was a national merit scholar . severino was a trial attorney in the department of justice s civil rights division . he worked in the housing and civil enforcement section on dozens of district and appellate court matters , including issues involving the fair housing act and the religious land use and institutionalized persons act . by liberty counsel - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story by right side broadcasting - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story schumer offers to fully fund the wall , regrets it immediately , retracts offer last week , you may have heard rumblings of a last - minute deal . the hope was that we d all be able to avoid the not - at - all - phony horror of a government shutdown if both sides worked together . we don t know all the details of this supposed detente , but one thing did leak : chuck schumer had offered to fund the border wall in exchange for daca protections . now , i know what you re thinking . there s simply no way on earth you could trust democrats to uphold their end of that bargain . you re right , the offer was probably phony , or came with so many attached strings that construction would never come to pass . still , that was the word on the street . schumer was on board with the evil , racist , wall . by robert laurie - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story judicial watch : justice department refuses to release mueller s budget proposal for special co ( washington , dc ) judicial watch today announced that justice department refuses to release the proposed budget of robert mueller s special counsel office . judicial watch is seeking the information through a freedom of information act ( foia ) lawsuit . judicial watch sought the copy of the budget prepared or submitted by special counsel robert mueller . but , on friday , january 19 , the justice department notified judicial watch that it refuses to turn over documents , stating : seven pages were located that contain records responsive to your request . we have determined that this material should be withheld in full because it is protected from disclosure under the foia . the justice department asserts the mueller budget information cannot be released because its release could interfere with law enforcement proceedings and the material is protected from disclosure by the deliberative process privilege . by judicial watch - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story trump responds to flake / graham / durbin immigration proposal : i do not think so i m not sure what more anyone would have expected from these three . graham has never been serious about immigration enforcement . flake has come to identify as nothing more than a trump antagonist . durbin is . . . dick durbin . i have more sympathy for the plight of childhood arrival than your typical conservative , and i think there should be a legislative fix that makes it possible for them to stay here legally ( as opposed to the daca approach that simply ignores statutory law ) , but when this is your starting offer , you re not going to get far . by dan calabrese - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story the better president ever since donald trump beat hillary clinton in the 2016 presidential election , the democratic politicians and the mainstream news media have been fabricating falsehoods about our duly elected president . let s start with the sexual misconduct allegations by many prominent democrats who have called on trump to resign . sen . bernie sanders of vermont said : we have a president who acknowledged on tape that he assaulted women , he tweeted the day franken resigned . i would hope that he pays attention to what s going on and think about resigning . by robert steven ingebo - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story so , did the democrats lose bigly with their ridiculous shutdown let s see what the media thinks . . last week , the media was salivating over the prospect of a federal shutdown . they were , like the democrats , 100 sure that republicans ( and specifically donald trump ) would catch the blame just like they did back in 2013 . unfortunately for them , it didn t work out that way . it became immediately clear that the shutdown was a schumer - orchestrated ruse , designed to tie virtually everything the government does to illegal immigration . it was pig - headed , unnecessary , and ill - conceived . like most of the stunts dems have tried over the course of the last year , it was representative of a party desperately overplaying its hand . by robert laurie - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story strzok and page texted about starting a secret society within the fbi after trump won i think these two might have been taking themselves just a little too seriously . i actually think i can relate . i tend to have a mission - driven personality myself , and i know how hard it is to accept when all objective facts tell you the mission can t be accomplished . i ll find another way some way there has to be a way strzok and page seem to have been so invested in the stop - trump - at - all - costs mission that even after he won - the very definition of failing to stop him - they weren t quite ready to process it was time to move on . they d already compromised the integrity of the fbi by covering up hillary s claims while trumping up charges against trump , so hey . in for a dime , in for a dollar , right by dan calabrese - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story democrats lose big time as shutdown ends democrats politically risky scheme to hold u . s . government operations hostage to their demand that young illegal aliens be granted amnesty failed spectacularly yesterday as lawmakers voted to re - open the briefly shuttered government . just 69 hours into the shutdown most of the time passed over the weekend when few americans even noticed the government was closed democrats and other open - borders lawmakers staged a tactical retreat , handing president trump and anti - amnesty conservatives a clear victory . democrats no doubt were aware of a harvard - harris poll that found 58 percent of voters opposed to the democrat - led shutdown . by matthew vadum - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story media blames trump for drop in foreigners visiting the u . s . oh no it sounds awful foreign visits to the united states dropped by 4 percent in 2017 , resulting in 3 . 6 billion less being spent here by foreigners . ( then again , apple is bringing home 100 times that much because of the tax cut , but who s counting ) what might have caused this well , if you re usa today , you already know the take you want : blame donald trump . so you run and find people you know will say it s trump s fault and you quote them prominently in the story . the only problem is that their attempts to blame trump actually point the figure at false media narratives about trump , not trump himself : by dan calabrese - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story will republicans release the fisa report or cover it up sean hannity and others have been talking about the fisa memo , otherwise known as the fisa abuse report , that some republicans say exposes corruption in the fbi and justice department . fisa stands for foreign intelligence surveillance act . some say the information in the fisa memo is jaw dropping , and others say it makes watergate look insignificant in comparison . the current story is that most republicans want to release the report to the public , but democrats want it withheld . democrat adam schiff went on cnn and said the memo should be withheld from the public because he doubts the american people will understand its contents . by charles wills - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story as fbi director mueller helped cover up fla . 9 / 11 probe , court docs show court documents recently filed by the government further rock the credibility of russia special counsel robert mueller because they show that as fbi director mueller he worked to cover up the connection between a florida saudi family and the 9 / 11 terrorist attacks . the documents reveal that mueller was likely involved in publicly releasing deceptive official agency statements about a secret investigation of the saudis , who lived in sarasota , with ties to the hijackers . a florida journalism nonprofit uncovered the existence of the secret fbi investigation that was also kept from congress . by judicial watch - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story by michael fumento - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story by right side broadcasting - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story harvard - harris poll has absolutely terrible immigration news for democrats as i ve said before , democrats have been overplaying their hand - in spectacular fashion - for years . their widespread assumption that hillary clinton would win the 2016 election in a landslide may be the most obvious example , but it s certainly not the only instance , nor is it the most recent . that honor goes to the schumer shutdown . dems were absolutely , positively , convinced that trump would catch hell over the government shutdown . they honestly expected a replay of 2013 . they didn t get one . it quickly became clear that the american people were aware that democrats had initiated the shutdown , they had leveraged children s healthcare against their agenda , and that agenda was designed to help millions of illegal immigrants . by robert laurie - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story the humanitarian hoax of daca the humanitarian hoax is a deliberate and deceitful tactic of presenting a destructive policy as altruistic . the humanitarian huckster presents himself as a compassionate advocate when in fact he is the disguised enemy . obama , the humanitarian huckster - in - chief , weakened the united states for eight years presenting his crippling deferred action for childhood arrivals ( daca ) advocacy as altruistic when in fact it was designed for destruction . his legacy , the leftist democrat party with its ongoing resistance movement , is the party of the humanitarian hoax attempting to destroy the capitalist infrastructure of american democracy through deceitful immigration reforms . this is how it works . by linda goudsmit - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story strzok page texts indicate that lynch knew in advance that hillary would face no fbi charges throughout the james comey - led investigation into hillary s secret email server , her mishandling of classified material , her lies to congress , and her complete disregard for national security , loretta lynch and the obama administration maintained a single talking point . they would abide by whatever the fbi decided to do . if charges were recommended , charges would be pressed . . . . and they supposedly had no idea how the whole thing would shake out . more than likely , given obama s favorite deflection , they d learn of the fbi s decision the same way the american people did : by watching the news . by robert laurie - monday , january 22 , 2018 - full story it s not the wall schumer is scared of you can tell what scares democrats , by what they aren t talking about . democrats , in the form of senator chuck schumer and now representative luis gutierrez have indirectly given away democrat fears . first , senator schumer came out of his whitehouse meeting with president trump , claiming that he had offered some compromise with the president on the wall . by mike ford - monday , january 22 , 2018 - full story
cover story front page news , world and us news source , daily conservative investigative media news source from canada , american news release the memo at the state of the union address the undercover sabotage and fbi gamesmanship during 2016 s presidential campaign runs much deeper than the secret society that threw in with the clinton campaign to fund a discredited dirty dossier used to justify the fisa warrants allowing the obama administration to spy on the trump campaign right from the white house . peter strzok and his mistress lisa page , are the two top fbi officials directly involved in hillary clinton s exoneration , the russian dossier , the phony collusion investigation , the secret society , and the insurance policy . ( news . com . au ) by judi mcleod - thursday , january 25 , 2018 - full story uh oh : trump says he s willing to answer mueller s questions under oath trump should reconsider , and not because i think he did anything wrong with respect to russia . i don t . actually , it s the fact that there clearly was no collusion between trump and russia that makes this so dangerous . when special counsels are coming up empty in the cases they were originally trying to make , they end up falling back on process crimes to justify the time and expense put into their investigation . and that usually means someone gets charged with perjury for what they told the special counsel in the course of the investigation , even if the underlying alleged crime is never found to have happened . that s how patrick fitzgerald got scooter libby , and it looks like it s how mueller hopes to get trump . by dan calabrese - thursday , january 25 , 2018 - full story sessions threatens sanctuary cities with subpoenas the department of justice threatened to subpoena 23 jurisdictions across the country if they fail to answer questions about their lawless sanctuary policies that shield illegal aliens , a move that prompted left - wing big city mayors to boycott a white house meeting . i continue to urge all jurisdictions under review to reconsider policies that place the safety of their communities and their residents at risk , attorney general jeff sessions said in a statement . protecting criminal aliens from federal immigration authorities defies common sense and undermines the rule of law . we have seen too many examples of the threat to public safety represented by jurisdictions that actively thwart the federal government s immigration enforcement enough is enough . by matthew vadum - thursday , january 25 , 2018 - full story fake news the devil makes them do it now that pope francis has let it out of the bag that fake news is the work of the devil , can we take it at face value that fake news king cnn is the spawn of the devil and the new york times and washington post their wicked step sisters a question that deserves more than lol . in a speech delivered at the vatican for world communications day , the pontiff said that the crafty serpent was the original incarnation of the spread of untruths . by judi mcleod - thursday , january 25 , 2018 - full story * * * thole california part lll : democrat mafia to extort profits from ca businesses california s democrats are on an accelerated path of destruction of the once golden state . in parts l and part ll of my series on how california s leftist democrats have turned the golden state into a sh * thole , i explain how california s ruling party is doubling down on business - destroying policies , energy destroying policies , education destroying policies , and policies destroying california s abundant natural resources . the new law claiming sanctuary state status is blatantly unconstitutional , as is legalizing marijuana . by katy grimes - thursday , january 25 , 2018 - full story dreamers mob chuck schumer s home , chanting if chuck won t let us dream , we won t let him sleep yesterday , we discussed the harvard - harris poll that showed the left has big problems when it comes to its stance on legal ( let alone illegal ) immigration . i argued that democrats have made their party synonymous with illegal immigration and they have no way to walk that back . their base is now 100 on board with what the dnc brass claims to support , and any time dems try to escape their promises , the rage is obvious . by robert laurie - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story pope : gosh , this fake news is the work of the devil the pope who buys the media s climate change nonsense hook , line and sinker has now decided fake news is the work of the devil . well . the journey of a thousand miles begins with a first step . but as he so often does when he s dealing with matters in the civic and political realm , the pope seems a bit too deferential to established institutions on the matter of truth , objectivity and fairness . he also doesn t seem to really understand all that well how the digital world works . by dan calabrese - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story about that frightening look of fury on your momma s face it s not taking a look in the mirror that the mean girls out on the latest women s march need to do , as fox news insider tomi lahren suggests . the mean girl marchers should take the time to look into the faces of their own children when they re out on the rampage . children , including toddlers in strollers , are being dragged out on these marches where thousands of women and men take to the streets to screech out their rage over donald trump having ben elected president . by judi mcleod - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story uganda s president : i love trump because he tells africans frankly apparently not everyone in africa is as easily offended as the american media or whoever else believes a word dick durbin says . president yoweri museveni of uganda isn t even sure donald trump called african countries shitholes - and neither is anyone else who wasn t in the meeting , since the renowned liar durbin is the only on - the - record source saying he did - but museveni doesn t seem too concerned about it . in fact , he thinks it s a sign of strength that you can deal with the president of the united states calling your country a shithole : by dan calabrese - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story the big palestine lie palestinian boss mahmoud abbas recently declared that israel is a colonial enterprise that has nothing to do with jewishness . moses , king david and thousands of years of jewish history would disagree . israel and the jews are part of the story of human civilization . over 50 of the human race has a holy book that tells of the jewish journey to israel . that includes mohammed s own copy of the koran . israel isn t a colonial enterprise . palestine is . anyone who wants to find out where the name israel comes from can open the book of genesis 32 : 29 . the story even appears in islamic hadiths . but where does palestine really come from by daniel greenfield - wednesday , january 24 , 2018 - full story roy bennett gone but the spirit of pachedu lives on without his likely ever realizing it , canada free press commenter fred niziol brought me solace today just as i learned about the tragic deaths of prominent zimbabwean freedom warrior roy bennett , his wife , heather and charles burnett iii . niziol posted these inspiring words to facebook : learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone s life . be the light that helps others see ; it is what gives life its deepest significance . roy t . bennett the bennetts and burnett were among five killed in a helicopter crash in a mountainous area in the u . s . state of new mexico , wednesday , jan . 17 , 2018 when only one person survived . by judi mcleod - tuesday , january 23 , 2018 - full story senator chuck schumer providing backdrop for women s march 2018 the biggest star of women s march 2018 is ( drum roll , please ) : senator chuck schumer , a male - metoo - er of which there now seem to be so many . it was schumer who managed to pull off the timely shutdown of the government one day before the march providing the march its main backdrop : against the backdrop of the u . s . government shutdown that took hold saturday , many marchers pointed to the irony of the closure of iconic sites associated with the fight for liberty and equality , such as the statue of liberty and the visitor center at the martin luther king jr . national historic site in atlanta . ( la times , jan . 20 , 2018 ) by judi mcleod - sunday , january 21 , 2018 - full story it s not really president trump who needs his mouth washed out with soap throwing the spotlight on so - called men of the cloth : it s not president donald trump who needs to have his mouth washed out with soap for having allegedly made use of the vulgar s word at a white house meeting on immigration . there s just no getting around it that some words are more painful than cuss words , particularly when they heap praise on abortion advocates . members of president trump s evangelical advisory council decided to jump ship for the day and publicly sided with nancy pelosi on daca . ( redstate , jan . 18 , 2018 ) by judi mcleod - friday , january 19 , 2018 - full story fake news awards media gossip gob - smack central so many people wanted to tune in on president donald trump s fake news awards last night that they crashed the gop . com site where the winners list was published . fake news awards crashed because it was flooded with visitors after trump tweeted out the link . ( foxnews , jan . 17 , 2018 ) good going , gop . com . by judi mcleod - thursday , january 18 , 2018 - full story cnn not predicting but wishing a heart attack for the president it s not a cnn prediction that president donald trump will have a heart attack in 3 - 5 years , it s their wicked , undying wish . it was predictable that cnn would rush to air their bitter disappointment when white house dr . danny jackson gave the president a clean bill of health . oh no the misogynist racist is in good physical and mental health they likely cried into their cafe lattes off screen before going on air with gypsy - like predictions . by judi mcleod - thursday , january 18 , 2018 - full story ear - piercing screams to mark the rise of the woman in weekend women s ma harvey weinstein - like producers of big fiction are releasing a blockbuster movie on the 1 st anniversary of the women s march . this time linda sarsour , ashley judd et all will take a back seat to millions of screeching - for - social - justice bit players schooled by the progressive left over the past year . their amplified message is that the angry white men who run the system have gone from suppressing women to openly sexually harassing them , egged on by president donald trump , picture perfect framed as the most hated leader on earth . we ve seen this movie and all of its myriad versions since november of 2016 , but this is the movie they intend to keep running ad nauseum . they ll keep their blockbuster running on the big screen until there is no chance that another nationalist , populist xenophobe is ever elected leader anywhere else on the world map . by judi mcleod - tuesday , january 16 , 2018 - full story conservative message continues to disappear from social media twitter has become so adept at keeping conservative masses from finding the truth that it even gets away with hiding the tweets of the president of the united states of america from public view . count on twitter coming back on articles like this one with pr - perfected bull crap . president trump tweets are prolific , right by judi mcleod - monday , january 15 , 2018 - full story fake news redux courtesy of social media giant google smearing conservative news sites as the chief purveyors of fake news is a strictly feminist creation . calling out conservative publications as fake news took rise in the immediate aftermath of hillary clinton s stunning , historic and impossible - to - accept loss to donald trump . left in exile by the outcome of election 2016 , the democrats moved with lightning speed to drop the fake news smear on the doorstep of conservative news publications . by judi mcleod - friday , january 12 , 2018 - full story obama s parkland grab for vanity presidential library watch your back , university of chicago political scientist charles lipson , and keep an eye over your shoulder on your job too ditto for the 99 faculty members who signed a public letter asking former president barack obama to move his presidential library . given the undisputed power of those who control the land acquisition process in the rahm emanuel - run city of chicago , they may as well expect the rocky mountains to relinquish their god - given location on planet earth . by judi mcleod - wednesday , january 10 , 2018 - full story the televised reality of trump cheers jeers at atlanta s mercedes - benz stadium the legalized bully troops of special counsel robert mueller ; the never - ending whines of the democrats in exile ; the ganged - up media - hyped wolfman hack book charging that president donald trump should be dragged out of he white house in a strait jacket notwithstanding , america remains the same roughly 50 - 50 population split it was when barack obama was sprung on the public screen from a faux greek temple back in 2008 as the new messiah . when all is said and done , all of the above have not changed the 50 - 50 reality of the american population one iota . proof of that 50 - 50 reality came last night at the college football championship game between the georgia bulldogs and the alabama crimson tide . by judi mcleod - tuesday , january 9 , 2018 - full story
subscribe to canada free press for free but all powerful or not , social media giants like google , facebook and twitter - - not even with all their significant might - - could get hillary clinton elected as president , but instead blame fake news on their abysmal failure fake news redux courtesy of social media giant google smearing conservative news sites as the chief purveyors of fake news is a strictly feminist creation . calling out conservative publications as fake news took rise in the immediate aftermath of hillary clinton s stunning , historic and impossible - to - accept loss to donald trump . left in exile by the outcome of election 2016 , the democrats moved with lightning speed to drop the fake news smear on the doorstep of conservative news publications . they desperately needed to hide the scope of the down and dirty tricks they put into play during a presidential election campaign best described as unprecedented . they needed big distractions while waiting for special counsel robert mueller to come up with the evidence of a russia / trump collusion conspiracy that would impeach america s unexpected 45 th . nothing like the marxist fine art of projection to make the enemy look like the bad guy . it was time to unleash fake professor , feminist , and activist melissa mish zimdars of merrimack college in massachusetts on the fake news is conservative conspiracy . that way the progressive left could continue building the bombs but get narcissist zimdars to throw them . bomb number one was a fake list of fake news practitioners . zimdars , a donald trump critic and carly rae jepsen fan , is an assistant professor at merrimack college in massachusetts , whose research focus includes social justice . ( free beacon , march 13 , 2017 ) she has organized liberal protest rallies against student debt and refers to conservatives as the dark side . so powerful was the fake news list zimdars created , false , misleading , clickbait - y , and satirical news sources , shortly after hillary clinton s defeat in the presidential election , it went viral . the list , which zimdars has already edited because news sites mistakenly appeared on it , features numerous conservative outlets . ( free beacon ) zimdars runs the opensources . co project , which continuously updates the database for online developers to leverage in the fight against fake , false , conspiratorial , and misleading news . our database is maintained by professionals who have analyzed each source , looking for overall inaccuracy , extreme biases , lack of transparency , and other kinds of misinformation , the website states . one article and video at a time , i m gradually bringing my dad and brother back from the propagandistic , conservative / republican dark side , zimdars tweeted in 2015 . zimdars refers to donald trump as drumpf , and said illegal immigrants contribute more to this country than trump ever has or ever will . continued below . . . the zimdars list was , nonetheless soon picked up and circulated by the harvard library . there are 1 , 001 names on the list , including canada free press . this week the merrimack - harvard fake news list is making a comeback , courtesy of social media giant google . google s troublesome new fact check display for conservative publications is the resurrection of the merrimack - harvard library fake news list that began to circulate the internet more than a year ago . look at the graphics below to see the striking similarities in style between the google fact check display and the merrimack - harvard library fake news list . the massive merrimack - harvard database of fake , false , or regularly misleading websites , still in use to the present day , purportedly as a resource for university students to be able to identify fake news , is now getting a google resurgence . why would google , the most powerful search engine in the world , copy the style of the merrimack - harvard library fake news list because it s the intention of the progressive left via social media to prevent conservative publications from getting their message out over the internet . they ve plunged the conservative voice into an inky darkness from which they believe there will be no return . a few conservative critics predicted early on that the recent obsession with fake news would lead eventually to right - of - center newsrooms being lumped with the bad actors . ( washington examiner march 11 , 2017 ) google , the most powerful search engine in the world , is now displaying fact checks for conservative publications in its results . no prominent liberal site receives the same treatment . and not only is google s fact - checking highly partisan perhaps reflecting the sentiments of its leaders it is also blatantly wrong , asserting sites made claims they demonstrably never made . ( daily caller , jan . 9 , 2018 ) when searching for a media outlet that leans right , like the daily caller ( thedc ) , google gives users details on the sidebar , including what topics the site typically writes about , as well as a sidebar titled reviewed claims . vox , and other left - wing outlets and blogs like gizmodo , are not given the same fact - check treatment . when searching their names , a topics they write about section appears , but there are no reviewed claims . a gang - up of social media suppression of conservative publications seeks to turn the lights off on them , one by one . while google fact checks conservative news sites , twitter direct messaging engineer pranay singh admitted to mass - banning accounts that express interest in god , guns , and america , during a recent project veritas investigation . continued below . . . while making billions living in a capitalist marketplace society , silicon valley wants to transform it over to a socialist one . the survival of democracies leans heavily on even playing fields . rather than turning off the lights , social media giants should allow readers of left leaning publications and readers of conservative leaning publications to read their online publications of choice . other than for politics there should be no need for suppression of any kind . but all powerful or not , social media giants like google , facebook and twitter not even with all their significant might could get hillary clinton elected as president , but instead blame fake news on their abysmal failure . it must be to their utter frustration knowing that there will always be a light at the end of the tunnel as long as readers continue to search online to find the publications of their choice . copyright canada free press rss feed for judi mcleod judi mcleod is an award - winning journalist with 30 years experience in the print media . a former toronto sun columnist , she also worked for the kingston whig standard . her work has appeared on rush limbaugh , newsmax . com , drudge report , foxnews . com . older articles by judi mcleod please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned . as a privately owned website , we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time . comments that contain spam , advertising , vulgarity , threats of violence , racism , anti - semitism , or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban . - - follow these instructions on registering
subscribe to canada free press for free how conservatives are being destroyed by facebook , twitter and google without ever realizing why conservative message continues to disappear from social media twitter has become so adept at keeping conservative masses from finding the truth that it even gets away with hiding the tweets of the president of the united states of america from public view . count on twitter coming back on articles like this one with pr - perfected bull crap . president trump tweets are prolific , right isn t that what most people people are saying everything s okay in the social media world . nothing to see here , move along folks . the real story behind social media hype is that president donald trump tweets only see the light of day until they land foursquare too close to the truth . that s when twitter gets to bring the curtain down on the president and anyone else with a conservative message . yesterday a townhall reposted story from right wing news headlined : how conservatives are being destroyed by facebook , twitter and google without ever realizing why appeared with a screenshot sorry that page doesn t exist twitter warning as an illustration . the story details how right wing news . com ceo john hawkins has to shut down his 16 - year - old website because social media has managed to bury it . to anyone who tries to get this kind of message out on social media , the message is : take a hike , conservative sites don t have the right to exist on the internet any more . remember , mt . hawkins if people can see you , then you aren t really there . interesting how this is all happening within days of the james o keefe project veritas expose revealing that twitter shadow bans conservative posts with which its members do not happen to agree . ( project veritas ) for malcontents who want trump s twitter account removed , it already happened . in other words , twitter has taken down trump tweets before and by simply replacing them after public outrage , got away with it . twitter only replaces tweets after the blazing bonfire fires they started have petered out . here this hour , gone the next seems to be an axiom taken literally over at twitter . a twitter employee deactivated donald trump s personal account on their last day of work , the company said on thursday , likely meaning the action was deliberate . ( theguardian . com , nov . 3 , 2017 ) the move by the employee who has not been named meant that the president s realdonaldtrump account was down for 11 minutes . how convenient that the president s personal account was deactivated by an unnamed employee on their last day of work at the social media giant . during the brief period of downtime , shortly before 4 pm pacific time ( 11 pm gmt ) , anyone going to the realdonaldtrump twitter page would see the message sorry , that page doesn t exist ( guardian ) after widespread speculation about what had happened , twitter initially said the account had been inadvertently deactivated due to human error by a twitter employee . continued below . . . but soon after the company s twittergov account posted another statement revealing the outage was due to an employee s action on their final day in the job . the account was down for 11 minutes , and has since been restored . we are continuing to investigate and are taking steps to prevent this from happening again , the company said in a statement . through our investigation we have learned that this was done by a twitter customer support employee who did this on the employee s last day . we are conducting a full internal review , the new statement said . the company did not immediately reply to guardian requests to clarify the process . trump tweeted about the incident on friday morning , hailing it as vindication that his tweeting was having an impact : my twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee . i guess the word must finally be getting out - and having an impact . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) november 3 , 2017 there have been continuing calls for twitter to suspend trump s account , particularly when he made threats to north korea . however , when twitter does this it typically marks the profile with the message account suspended . before twitter s statement , some speculated that trump himself may have deactivated his account or he may have been hacked . he has been criticized in the past for having poor security standards , continuing to use an old , unsecured android phone when he moved into the white house instead of trading it for a secure , encrypted device approved by the secret service . right , like everything else the twitter screenshot above is president donald trump s fault twitter suspends accounts if they engage in abusive behavior , if they ve been hacked or if they are fake or promote spam . the san francisco - based company has in the past suspended high - profile individuals including the rightwing provocateur milo yiannopoulos , after his sustained hate campaign against the actor leslie jones , and the rapper azealia banks , who spouted racist venom at the pop singer zayn malik . trump , who has more than 40 million followers on twitter , is known for his love of the medium . it s like owning your own newspaper without the losses , trump said of the social media tool in 2012 . unfortunately , mr . president , you can only own your own newspaper if it s not a conservative one . salacious silicon valley will be the eventual collapse of the republic about whom it is said : because without america there is no free world , and the death of democracy . meanwhile , the only way readers who care can find out what social media is trying to hide is to read the full story , how conservatives are being destroyed by facebook , twitter and google without ever realizing why here : copyright canada free press rss feed for judi mcleod judi mcleod is an award - winning journalist with 30 years experience in the print media . a former toronto sun columnist , she also worked for the kingston whig standard . her work has appeared on rush limbaugh , newsmax . com , drudge report , foxnews . com . older articles by judi mcleod please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned . as a privately owned website , we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time . comments that contain spam , advertising , vulgarity , threats of violence , racism , anti - semitism , or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban . - - follow these instructions on registering
subscribe to canada free press for free and until the progressive - left can figure out the way to blame donald trump for saturday s nuclear button push in hawaii , the screams of women world - wide will remain the loudest trump smear of the moment . ear - piercing screams to mark the rise of the woman in weekend women s ma harvey weinstein - like producers of big fiction are releasing a blockbuster movie on the 1 st anniversary of the women s march . this time linda sarsour , ashley judd et all will take a back seat to millions of screeching - for - social - justice bit players schooled by the progressive left over the past year . their amplified message is that the angry white men who run the system have gone from suppressing women to openly sexually harassing them , egged on by president donald trump , picture perfect framed as the most hated leader on earth . we ve seen this movie and all of its myriad versions since november of 2016 , but this is the movie they intend to keep running ad nauseum . they ll keep their blockbuster running on the big screen until there is no chance that another nationalist , populist xenophobe is ever elected leader anywhere else on the world map . era of the womyn a cast of millions has taken the donald trump s a russian spy , a hillary clinton - identified misogynist , a dater of porn stars , a dick durbin ready - made racist to picture of the year that will be playing non - stop in the foreseeable future . down with conservative , white heterosexuals where ever they get elected drum them out of office with unprovable but undying salacious smears . nationalists , populists and xenophobes are not human and shouldn t be treated as such . it s the era of the womyn hear them screech and roar , watch their signature mob mentality live - streamed from the cities of the world over 48 hours this weekend . for any in the masses wondering where all the sexual predators went overnight , they ve been folded into the women s march : power to the polls and lookbackmoveforward initiatives . there will be no white males moving forward only those who identify ( for safety s sake ) as feminists . there will be fewer pink pussy caps on display now that last year s cap wearers have decided that they aren t inclusive to women of color . why did millions of mothers , grandmothers , daughters , sisters and aunties decide to go on the march in millions overnight because there s no stopping a tide whose mindless members have been taught to believe that the president of the united states not only hates them , but . last year pink pussy caps were passed to women with an axe to grind over the presidential election loss of their leader hillary rodham clinton . this year their sisters in foreign lands have been passed 1 million by the tides center with the support of the william and flora hewlett foundation : the tides center , with the support of the william and flora hewlett foundation , has approved a 1 million grant to women s march global , the international sister organisation of women s march , who together organised the largest single - day protest in us history on january 21 , 2017 , with over 6 million people marching for human rights in over 600 cities worldwide . women s march global will use the grant to mobilise its local organisers , build a platform that will support the autonomy and expansion of a grassroots network and hire team members to help connect women s march global with more organisers and like - minded organisations around the world . since the original march after the inauguration of president donald trump , women s march global has continued to organise actions and events around the world , devoted to fighting for the human rights of people worldwide . women s march global will use the much - needed funds to provide support and organisation assistance to its global activists as they fight for human rights in their respective regions . women s march global is passionate about creating a community of global activism that makes it possible for people all over the globe to take meaningful action in their communities , explain the women s march global organisers . this grant will enable us to create a more effective platform for people to communicate across distance and time zones , so that we can organise many more actions like the women s march we look forward to strengthening our network of human rights activists , so that we can continue to ensure all people are provided with healthcare , economic security , fair representation , and safety . women around the world have actions planned in january 2018 to elevate the urgency and importance of health , economic security , representation , and safety . those interested in taking part in a march or action in their area can visit lookbackmarchforward . com . continued below . . . on january 21 , 2018 , women s march will gather in las vegas , nevada for women s march : power to the polls , an event that will launch a national voter registration tour one year after the historic women s march on washington . this next stage of the movement will channel the energy and activism of the women s march into tangible strategies and concrete wins in 2018 . ( power to the polls , ) the national voter registration tour will target swing states to register new voters , engage impacted communities , harness our collective energy to advocate for policies and candidates that reflect our values , and collaborate with our partners to elect more women and progressives candidates to office . the coordinated campaign will build upon women s march s ongoing work uplifting the voices and campaigns of the nation s most marginalized communities to create transformative social and political change . in alabama , black women delivered as they always do , said linda sarsour , co - chair of the women s march . in addition to being willing to follow and support black women , we all must commit to fighting the systemic voter suppression laws that inhibit so many of our communities from voting . this campaign will mobilize a new group of activists to create accessible power to our voting polls . on the heels of the women s convention , which brought over 5 , 000 activists and future leaders to detroit , and with november s sweeping victories from the first openly transgender woman of color winning an election to public office , to the first asian american woman elected to the virginia house of delegates , to first sikh american to be elected mayor of the city , to the first - ever latina women elected to the virginia house of delegates , to seven cities electing their first black mayors , and so many more women s march aims to convert the groundswell of momentum and activism into direct electoral power . women s march has created a powerful movement that has ignited thousands of activists and new leaders , said tamika d . mallory , co - president of women s march . in 2018 , we must turn our work into action ahead of the midterms . this new initiative will address voter registration and voter suppression head on . we marched for justice in dc , we created our plan in detroit and now we re bringing the power of the polls to nevada . nevada was rocked by the deadliest mass shooting in modern u . s . history , recent sexual assault allegations against elected officials , and has become a battleground state that will shape the senate in 2018 . the kick - off event in las vegas will bring together talent , musicians , grassroots activists , and elected officials to a key swing state for a large - scale gathering to celebrate the work of the past year and launch a collective 2018 women s march agenda . this is the linda sarsour message that will be carried out by social media to the rush - to - the - protest mindless mob : this resistance needs all of us , every day , fighting for the collective liberation of all people . because none of us are free until all of us are free . the women s march of 2017 kicked off a world - wide monetized scream fest to take down president donald trump . and until the progressive - left can figure out the way to blame donald trump for saturday s nuclear button push in hawaii , the screams of women world - wide will remain the loudest trump smear of the moment . copyright canada free press rss feed for judi mcleod judi mcleod is an award - winning journalist with 30 years experience in the print media . a former toronto sun columnist , she also worked for the kingston whig standard . her work has appeared on rush limbaugh , newsmax . com , drudge report , foxnews . com . older articles by judi mcleod please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned . as a privately owned website , we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time . comments that contain spam , advertising , vulgarity , threats of violence , racism , anti - semitism , or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban . - - follow these instructions on registering
subscribe to canada free press for frEE let s see how many cnn stars drop with a heart attack or are led off to mental health institutions in the next 3 - 5 years . cnn not predicting but wishing a heart attack for the president it s not a cnn prediction that president donald trump will have a heart attack in 3 - 5 years , it s their wicked , undying wish . it was predictable that cnn would rush to air their bitter disappointment when white house dr . danny jackson gave the president a clean bill of health . oh no the misogynist racist is in good physical and mental health they likely cried into their cafe lattes off screen before going on air with gypsy - like predictions . tv ghouls , host alisyn camerota and medical analyst sanji gupta predicted that president trump , judged as borderline obese by gupta , would be felled by a heart attack within 3 - 5 years . gupta , incidentally is a neurosurgeon and not a cardiologist . camerota held back laughs over trump s height , which the exam found to be 6 3 . he had reportedly been 6 2 in the past . ( american mirror , jan . 17 , 2018 ) somehow he has grown while being in the white house , she snarked . you can say that again , ms . camerota , and how because of trump s weight of 239 lbs . , she said his body mass index is two - nine point nine . ( american mirror ) gupta conceded the bmi ratio is not a perfect ratio by any means , but nevertheless , went on to declare trump borderline obese . so he s point - one away from being in the obese category , camerota emphasized . any day now , cnn will be shouting fatty , fatty every time they talk about trump . after vice president joe biden s doctor panned cnn s hysteria , camerota went back to gupta . ( american mirror ) because of trump s calcium score , cnn predicted the president will have a heart attack or heart disease in 3 - 5 years . but gupta was more aggressive . so the president has heart disease , he declared . yesterday , cnn host brian stelter didn t accept dr . ronny jackson s findings , either . here ' s how the next few hours will go . trump supporters will say " concerns about trump ' s mental health were always absurd . case closed now . " the obvious response : " the q ' s about fitness for office are serious . someone could be sharp as a tack , but still unfit " brian stelter ( brianstelter ) january 16 , 2018 continued below . . . meanwhile cnn s trump heart attack predictions are about as reliable as their predictions during the 2016 presidential election campaign when they predicted he had no chance of winning . nor was it ever the president s mental health that was questionable . can t state the same thing about the mental status of cnn talking heads as is proven in still shots from november 8 , 2016 . the president s not off his rocker , but count on cnn going even ditzier when they realize their useless wishes aren t coming true . let s see how many cnn stars drop with a heart attack or are led off to mental health institutions in the next 3 - 5 years . copyright canada free press rss feed for judi mcleod judi mcleod is an award - winning journalist with 30 years experience in the print media . a former toronto sun columnist , she also worked for the kingston whig standard . her work has appeared on rush limbaugh , newsmax . com , drudge report , foxnews . com . older articles by judi mcleod please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned . as a privately owned website , we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time . comments that contain spam , advertising , vulgarity , threats of violence , racism , anti - semitism , or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban . - - follow these instructions on registering
if you found a time machine , traveled back to any time between 2007 and 2013 , and then ( for some insane reason ) you decided to go check and see what donald trump was complaining about , you would likely find a man with tiny hands holding onto a phone . he would be tweeting things like : my interview with gretawire on fox news for those who missed it ' obama ' s constantly on vacation ' < URL > donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) august 17 , 2011 why is barackobama always campaigning or on vacation donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) october 17 , 2011 with a record deficit and 15 trillion in debt , barackobama is spending 4 million of our money on his hawaii vacation . just plain wrong . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) december 19 , 2011 the obama ' s spain vacation cost taxpayers over 476 k < URL > they love to spend money . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) april 27 , 2012 with 15 us real unemployment and a 16 t debt , michelle obama ' s luxurious aspen vacation her 16 th cost us over 1 m < URL > donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) july 20 , 2012 secret service members on break from obama s 4 m vacation are more than welcomed to relax at hawaii s top hotel trumpwaikiki . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) december 20 , 2013 it s good practice to take all accusations that trump makes as an indication that he is actually doing what he is criticizing in others . so let s see how the numbers break down . is don - don holding himself to the same standard he held obama to probably not . trump is muddying the waters by refusing to release how much the american taxpayers are spending for security costs surrounding his trips . this results in obama s totals appearing higher , but only because the obama administration was transparent and reported all costs . according to the conservative news organization , judicial watch : the known travel costs for president trump s political and leisure travel is now 13 , 533 , 937 . 28 . remember , this is only a portion of the real total ; trump is refusing to report secret service costs , which have been so exorbitant that it nearly broke the secret service s budget . so , let s take a quick look at how these presidents spent their time . a few quick facts : obama spent his first night away from the white house on march 18 . trump only made it to february 3 before he spent a weekend at mar - a - lago . during their first overnight trips , obama s was spent in town halls and touring a green vehicle plant . trump went to a ball ( which was held at mar - a - lago ) . he had two entire days at mar - a - lago , and then made a pit stop to visit military commanders . obama only spent one other overnight away from the white house ( excluding state visits and a global conference held in the u . s . ) . trump has spent roughly 64 nights away from the w . h . , at great expense to tax payers . fundraisers : obama attended four in his first year ; all were for other people . trump attended six , several of which were fundraisers for himself . reminder : trump has spent 68 days at his own properties , funneling taxpayer dollars into his own pockets . featured image : afp contributor / getty
republicans and democrats alike are willing to turn over government coffers to bezos and his ilk and the rights of the people be damned .
when the police finally left the campus , around 11 a . m . , nine civilians lay dead in the courtyard five of whom had been shot in the head .
warring visions of puerto rico ' s future this is an opportunity to make microgrids in puerto rico so they can be sustained in different areas . warring visions have now erupted over the energy and economic futures of puerto rico and the virgin islands . will the islands become a cutting - edge green - powered solartopia for the benefit of their long - time residents or a fossil - fueled robber baron playground like hong kong or singapore , set to operate for the profit of outside corporate investors on the solartopian side , senators elizabeth warren and bernie sanders have proposed a 146 billion green marshall plan to rebuild puerto rico and the virgin islands as a prosperous , self - sufficient home for the indigenous citizenry . the bill is co - sponsored by democratic senators ed markey , richard blumenthal and democratic representatives nadia velazquez and darren soto along with democrat stacey plaskett , the virgin islands non - voting representative to congress . representative plaskett has also joined congressman ted lieu , democrat of california , in co - signing a letter asking that all federal emergency management agency funds for rebuilding the electric grids of the islands go for solar energy , wind power , and decentralized microgrids . san juan mayor carmen yulin cruz , who famously tangled with trump over the direction of recovery plans , has said the sanders - warren - lieu approach to rebuilding with green energy provides the blueprint for the transformation of the islands to local - controlled self - sufficiency . virgin islands rep . plaskett has cosigned a letter asking that all federal emergency management agency funds for rebuilding the electric grids of the islands go for solar energy , wind power , and decentralized microgrids . the warren - sanders bill would give local governments 62 billion for economic development , medicare / medicaid parity , and other locally determined needs . it would provide 27 billion more for infrastructure , and 13 billion for fema to rebuild the grid with more modern , resilient technologies than the coal , oil , and gas burners that powered the islands before maria . solar panels are already pouring in . even before maria , puerto rico had plans to add 1 . 5 gigawatts of solar capacity . at least one big solar array largely survived the storm , allowing a local greenhouse to resume business the day after the disaster . a large wind farm on the south side of puerto rico also got through , though its impact has been limited by the crippled grid . after the storm , in consultation with puerto rico s governor ricardo rossello , elon musk s solar city / tesla donated a solar array that has successfully re - powered san juan s hospital del nino , making it one of the few hospitals on the island with a reliable source of electricity . as musk said in a tweet , the tesla team has done this [ built solar grids ] for many smaller islands around the world , but there is no scalability limit , so it can be done for puerto rico too . to do more , tesla announced it would delay the unveiling of its electric - powered tractor - trailer unit to focus on delivering more batteries to puerto rico . the warren - sanders bill would give local governments 62 billion for economic development , medicare / medicaid parity , and other locally determined needs . the german company sonnen , which was working pre - maria with local customers to make the puerto rican grid more resilient , has been shipping in panels , batteries , and micro - grids aimed at making hospitals and emergency facilities self - sufficient . so has the houston - based sunnova , which is retaining ownership of the hundreds of panels it has installed , then charging its customers a rate well below what they were paying before the storm hit . i am 100 percent backing renewables , said governor rossell to the u . s . senate energy and natural resources committee . this is an opportunity to make microgrids in puerto rico so they can be sustained in different areas . but not everyone shares the vision of a green - powered future . in october , puerto rico s national utility , prepa , made global headlines with a 300 million grid rebuilding contract given to whitefish energy , a two - year - old two - man operation based in whitefish , montana . whitefish is the hometown of trump interior secretary ryan zinke , whose son had worked for the company . when it began shipping in line workers at huge rates , they were showered by locals with rocks and bottles . finally the contract was voided and prepa s president resigned . more recently , prepa awarded a 200 million contract to cobra acquisitions llc , a one - year - old subsidiary of oklahoma - based mammoth , which is primarily in the oil , gas , and fracking business . nearly all puerto rico s pre - maria power came from fossil fuels . its future plans still include a 400 million liquid gas terminal . the american enterprise institute , also wants a reduced minimum wage and corporate - friendly economic reforms to make puerto rico the singapore of the caribbean . the fossil - fueled vision has strong support among lawmakers like doug lamborn , republican of colorado , who is backed by the oil and gas industry . lamborn told a house committee on natural resources hearing in early november that renewables are great , but to provide that much electricity in that short a time is unrealistic . lamborn instead supports natural gas , with a rollback of environmental protections to encourage drilling and imports . committee chair rob bishop , republican of utah , also the recipient of fossil industry support , has joined lamborn in opposing an epa presence that might restrict drilling and imports for a restored fossil - fired grid . but corporate visions for the islands hardly stop with gas and oil . representative louie gohmert , republican of texas , thinks puerto rico has the potential of being the hong kong of the united states , where businesses would flood in there . benjamin dierker , of the libertarian foundation for economic education , wants an economic freedom zone where environmental , minimum wage and other legal requirements would disappear . the less restricted environment with more available resources would open the doors to investment and real estate development , he says . desmond lachman , a resident fellow at the american enterprise institute , also wants a reduced minimum wage and corporate - friendly economic reforms to make puerto rico the singapore of the caribbean . education activists are afraid that private charter schools will crush the public system , as in new orleans after katrina . amid all of this corporate conniving , the people of puerto rico remain in dire straits . food and water are still in short supply , joel segal , a north carolina activist with strong ties to the island , said in a recent radio interview on my green power wellness show on www . prn . fm . the fema people just hand out forms with a phone number to call and a website to consult . people can t even get tarps to cover what s left of their homes . at least 200 , 000 citizens have already left puerto rico , most headed for florida . residents who have been restoring school buildings and re - starting classes at their own expense are being told by local authorities they must have inspections that never happen and permits that never come . education activists are afraid that private charter schools will crush the public system , as in new orleans after katrina , where only a few public schools remain . because land titles have been passed down through generations of the poor , some ancestral residents are not being let back into what s left of their homes because they can t officially prove ownership . land prices will plummet , segal says . that will set off an unrestricted corporate rampage aimed at converting the region to a trump - style playground of shady financial centers , high - end hotels and mega - casinos for the super - rich . that s a future the people of puerto rico must avoid and green energy is one way to do it . harvey wasserman hosts california solartopia at kpfk - pacifica , 90 . 7 fm in los angeles , and the green power wellness podcast at prn . fm . he is author or co - author of about 20 books , including solartopia our green - powered earthat www . solartopia . org . this article previously appeared in the progressive and portside
new study shows flint water affects baby weight it was a very sharp reduction in birth weight . babies born in flint , michigan , following the water crisis that started three years ago weighed less than they likely would have if the crisis had never happened , a new study has found . authors rahi abouk of william paterson university and scott adams of university of wisconsin milwaukee examined birth outcomes in flint in the early stages of the water crisis in a peer - reviewed study . we were surprised we found something , adams told rewire , given the brief period of the water crisis . it was a very sharp reduction in birth weight , probably a bit more than i anticipated . comparing birth data from 2005 to 2015 , the researchers found an average 71 gram reduction in birth weight and a 26 percent increase in the incidence of low birth weight among children to white mothers . despite the reduction in birth weight for infants of black mothers , the researchers could not verify the numbers were statistically different than what would have occurred without the water change . they attribute this to stressors , such as the lead contamination , economic hardship , and access to maternal health care , likely being at higher levels among black residents in flint . a study released early this year suggested the water crisis could not have happened in whiter , wealthier cities . although lead readings were spread evenly throughout neighborhoods , the stressors associated with being a black resident in flint were already at higher levels . given this , there might be a limited observable effect among infants of black mothers because they were already experiencing adverse birth outcomes from various stressors , the report reads . flint is the poorest community in the united states , with a majority of its population black and low income . a study released early this year suggested the water crisis could not have happened in whiter , wealthier cities . the recent crisis added to , and was exacerbated by , flint s history of environmental disasters and political dysfunction . the findings come on the heels of a working paper stating fetal death rates jumped by 58 percent and fertility rates dropped by 12 percent in flint since the lead contamination came to light . researchers david slusky from the university of kansas and daniel grossman from west virginia university compared flint s health records with 15 other michigan cities in the study . state officials dismissed the findings . slusky told rewire last week that he is pleased to see others examining the effects of the tainted water . we are glad to see other researchers looking at this important issue and find it reassuring that their results are broadly consistent with ours despite using different methods , he said . the stressors associated with being a black resident in flint were already at higher levels . the crisis began in april 2014 when flint , then under a state - appointed emergency manager , switched its drinking water source from lake huron water treated by the detroit water system to flint river water treated at the flint water treatment plant . the required anti - corrosive treatments were not used to treat the flint river water , leading the water to leach lead from pipes . flint switched back to the detroit water system last october but the water distribution system was already damaged . water bills in flint remain the highest in the country , many remain without clean drinking water , some say the tainted water is causing them to miscarry , and many feel public trust has been eroded in the city of about 100 , 000 . researchers said they hope their work will refocus the lens on the huge crisis flint is facing . any light that can be shed on what a human tragedy it is and how we have not reacted swiftly or fast enough to the plight of americans , and how dire the situation was and continues to be is , i think , important , adams said . rahi and adams plan to revisit their study to compare results . we hope that these reports help policymakers make informed decisions about the consequences of their actions and helps spur future work and greater understanding of the effects of the flint water change on the health of the citizens of flint , slusky said . some say the tainted water is causing them to miscarry . while official accounts point to lead levels decreasing in flint since the city switched its water source back to detroit water , now known as the great lakes water authority , the lead levels of children in detroit are even higher than in flint , according to the detroit news . blood lead levels are also elevated statewide . pressure from the crisis is now forcing michigan officials to consider what could become the strictest lead water rules in the united states , according to michigan public radio . but republican gov . rick snyder , who has been blamed for not adequately addressing the flint water crisis , has called the federal lead and copper rule dumb and dangerous . in place for more than 25 years , the Epa rule provides for control and monitoring of the levels of lead in drinking water as exposure may cause health problems ranging from stomach distress to brain damage . children are especially susceptible as lead can affect their brain development , behavior , and can result in anti - social behavior , anemia , hypertension , and toxicity to the reproductive organs . lead in a pregnant person s blood can affect embryo development , according to the world health organization . children in nearly 4 , 000 communities across the united states have recorded lead levels more than twice those found in flint at the height of the crisis . dr . daniel grossman , who studies reproductive health and is a professor at the university of california , san francisco , told rewire that this is an important study but that more time and research is needed to fully understand the effects of what is happening in flint . dr . grossman is a medical doctor and not the author of the same name of the flint study referenced above . this very rigorous study suggests that birth weights decreased after the flint water crisis , particularly for white women . the study does not tell us why birth weight has decreased , but it may be due to lead exposure , stress , or something else . more in - depth research is needed in this community to understand the cause of this adverse birth outcome , he said . it may be years before we know the full public health impact of the flint water crisis . it s critical that rigorous research be done to understand how the health of the people living in these communities has been affected by this tragedy . where once public officials dismissed citizen accounts of how bad the water tasted and smelled , studies are now providing irrefutable proof of the harm it has done . the problem is more widespread than anyone could have imagined . beyond the 71 water systems in michigan that have recorded higher - than - flint lead levels , a reuters investigation found that children in nearly 4 , 000 communities across the united states have recorded lead levels more than twice those found in flint at the height of the crisis . this is a real tragedy , and it s one that s backed up by sound statistics and sound science that lays out how important of a calamity it is , adams said . we want to not only shed a light there but also to let people know there are these tragedies waiting to happen and we cannot ignore the human toll that they will have . auditi guha is the race and justice reporter for rewire . she has uncovered corruption , injustice , discrimination and fielded death threats in her career from india to boston . she most recently worked at the standard - times in new bedford and was previously a crime reporter for the cambridge chronicle and somerville journal where she was one of 12 national guggenheim criminal justice fellows in new york in 2012 . this article previously appeared in rewire and portside .
daniel ellsberg : doomsday is an actual war plan this is the most evil plan that has ever existed . it s insane . could tension between president trump and north korean leader kim jong - un bring us to the brink of nuclear war as tensions ramp up , we discuss what nuclear war would look like with a former nuclear war planner and one of the world s most famous whistleblowers daniel ellsberg . in 1971 , ellsberg was a high - level defense analyst when he leaked a top - secret report on u . s . involvement in vietnam to the new york times and other publications , which came to be known as the pentagon papers . he played a key role in ending the vietnam war . few know ellsberg was also a pentagon and white house consultant who drafted plans for nuclear war . his new book , published tuesday , is titled the doomsday machine : confessions of a nuclear war planner . we speak with ellsberg about his top - secret nuclear studies , his front row seat to the cuban missile crisis , whether trump could start a nuclear war and how contemporary whistleblowers chelsea manning and ed snowden are his heroes . transcript this is a rush transcript . copy may not be in its final form . juan gonz lez : north korea is warning that u . s . actions are bringing the korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war . the warning came monday as the u . s . and south korea held massive war games , mobilizing warships , thousands of troops and some 200 u . s . planes , many of them capable of deploying nuclear bombs . north korea s foreign ministry issued a statement calling president trump a , quote , nuclear demon . earlier this year , north korea said it would freeze its nuclear weapons program in exchange for an end to u . s . and south korean war games , an overture rejected by the trump administration . as tensions between the u . s . and north korea ramp up , today we re joined for the hour by a nuclear war planner to discuss what nuclear war would look like . he is already well known for another reason , as one of the world s most famous whistleblowers . in 1971 , daniel ellsberg was a high - level military analyst when he leaked a top - secret report that detailed the history of u . s . involvement in vietnam , including a secret dramatic escalation of troops and bombings in what looked like an unwinnable war . he photocopied and shared the 7 , 000 - page document with the new york times and other publications . the report came to be known as the pentagon papers and played a key role in ending the vietnam war . amy goodman : well , few know that 10 years before , in 1961 , daniel ellsberg was a consultant with the pentagon and the the white house , where he drafted plans for nuclear war . in his book , just out this week , titled the doomsday machine : confessions of a nuclear war planner , dan ellsberg reveals for the first time he also made copies of top - secret documents from his nuclear studies an entire second set of papers in addition to the pentagon papers , for which he is known . dan ellsberg is also the author of a 2003 memoir about the pentagon papers and vietnam called secrets , in which he did not discuss this other set of papers . he s the subject of the oscar - nominated documentary the most dangerous man in america . dan ellsberg will be a character in the forthcoming steven spielberg film about the pentagon papers called the post . when we come back from our break , we ll speak with dan ellsberg for the hour about nuclear war , the plans he drew up , what nuclear war would look like and his history as the most famous whistleblower in america . stay with us . [ break ] amy goodman : we will all go together when we go by tom lehrer . this is democracy now i m amy goodman , with juan gonz lez . we re joined by dan ellsberg for the hour , yes , known for leaking the pentagon papers in 1971 . today we learn about something else he did over the years , in fact , decades ago : writing up plans for a nuclear war . his book details this , just out this week , the doomsday machine : confessions of a nuclear war planner . so , you made copies of top - secret reports for plans about nuclear war years before you copied the pentagon papers daniel ellsberg : that s right . amy goodman : and released them to the press daniel ellsberg : essentially , my notes , and sometimes verbatim excerpts , not the entire plans themselves , but on plans that were then unknown to the president , to begin with , to president kennedy . i briefed his aide , mcgeorge bundy , in his first month in office on the nature of the plans and some of the other problems , like the delegation of authority to theater commanders for nuclear war by president eisenhower , which was fairly shocking to mcgeorge bundy , even though kennedy chose to renew that delegation , as other presidents have . but i was given the job of improving the eisenhower plans , which was not a very high bar , actually , at that time , because they were , on their face , the worst plans in the history of warfare . a number of people who saw them , but very few civilians ever got a look at them . in fact , the joint chiefs couldn t really get the targets out of general lemay at the strategic air command . and there was a good reason for that : they were insane . they called for first - strike plans , which was by order of president eisenhower . he didn t want any plan for limited war of any kind with the soviet union , under any circumstances , because that would enable the army to ask for enormous numbers of divisions or even tactical nuclear weapons to deal with the soviets . so he required that the only plan for fighting soviets , under any circumstances , such as an encounter in the berlin corridor , the access to west berlin , or over iran , which was already a flashpoint at that point , or yugoslavia , if they had gone in however the war started with an uprising in east germany , for example however it got started , eisenhower s directed plan was for all - out war , in a first initiation of nuclear war , assuming the soviets had not used nuclear weapons . and that plan called , in our first strike , for hitting every city actually , every town over 25 , 000 in the ussr and every city in china . a war with russia would inevitably involve immediate attacks on every city in china . in the course of doing this pardon me there were no reserves . everything was to be thrown as soon as it was available it was a vast trucking operation of thermonuclear weapons over to the ussr , but not only the ussr . the captive nations , the east europe satellites in the warsaw pact , were to be hit in their air defenses , which were all near cities , their transport points , their communications of any kind . so they were to be annihilated , as well . i couldn t believe , when i saw these , that the joint chiefs actually had ever calculated how many people they would actually kill in this course . in fact , colonels who were friends of mine in the air staff told me they had never seen an actual figure for the total casualties . we had exact figures of the number of targets and how many planes would be needed and every sort of thing , many calculations . but not victims . so , i drafted a question , which the aide to mcgeorge bundy , bob komer , sent to the joint chiefs in the name of the president . and the question was : in the event of your carrying out your general nuclear war plans , which were first - strike plans , how many will die first i asked , in the ussr and china alone , in the thought that , by the way , they d be embarrassed to discover to say , we have to have more time . we ve never really calculated that . i was wrong . and my friends were wrong in the air force . they came back with an answer very quickly : 325 million people in the ussr and china alone . well , then i asked , all right , how many altogether and a few days later , 100 million in east europe , the captive nations , another 100 million in west europe , our allies , from our own strikes , by fallout , depending on which way the wind blew , and , however the wind blew , a third 100 million in adjoining countries , neutral countries , like austria and finland , or afghanistan then , japan , northern india and so forth a total of 600 million people . that was a time , by the way , when the population of the world was 3 billion . and that was an underestimate of their casualties a hundred holocausts . it was very clear that they hadn t included i hadn t asked , actually , what would russian retaliation be against us and against west europe . they were thought , at that time wrongly to have hundreds of weapons against the u . s . but they did have hundreds of weapons against west europe , no question . west europe would go , under any circumstances . if we were defending west europe germany , for example we were planning to destroy the continent in order to save it . six hundred million , that was a hundred holocausts . and when i held the piece of paper in my hand that had that figure , that they had sent out unembarrassedly , you know , proudly , to the president here s what we will do i thought , this is the most evil plan that has ever existed . it s insane . the weapons , the machinery that will carry this out , this was no hypothetical plan , like herman kahn might have conceived at the doomsday machine that he thought up at the rand corporation as my colleague . this was an actual war plan for how we would use the existing weapons , many of which i had seen already that time . juan gonz lez : dan ellsberg , the colossal carnage that they were envisioning as a result of this first - strike use was doubly made doubly worse , as you reveal , by the fact that the image that we have that the president is the one who holds the switch or has his hand on the button is not true , that many people have the capacity to initiate a nuclear war . if you could you talk about that , as well daniel ellsberg : to start with , even if it were only the president , no one man really , no one nation should have the ability the ability even to threaten or to carry out a hundred holocausts at his will . that machinery should never have existed . and it does exist right now , and every president has had that power , and this president does have that power . but the recent discussions of that , which emphasize his sole authority to do that , don t take account of the fact that he has authority to delegate . and he has delegated . every president has delegated . i don t know the details of what president trump has done or since the cold war . every president in the cold war , right through carter and reagan , had delegated , in fact , to theater commanders in case communications were cut off . that means that the idea that the president is the only one with sole power to issue an order that will be recognized as an authentic authorized order is totally false . how many fingers are on buttons probably no president has ever really known the details of that . i knew , in ' 61 , for example , that admiral harry d . felt in cincpac , commander - in - chief of pacific , for whom i worked as a researcher , had delegated that to 7 th fleet , down to various commanders , and they , in turn , had delegated down to people . so when you say , how many altogether feel authorized if their communications are cut off and that happened part of every day in the pacific when i was there communications got better , but the delegations never changed . there ' s we ve never allowed it to be possible that an enemy could paralyze our retaliation by hitting our president or our command and control . and neither did the russians . when president carter and then president reagan advertised the fact that their plans emphasized decapitation , hitting moscow , above all , which the french and british always planned to do , by the way , with their smaller forces and when that became clear , the russians instituted what they called a dead hand , a perimeter system , in russian , which assured that if moscow was destroyed , other commanders would have the power and would be told to launch their strikes . there was even a plan to do that automatically by computer , as a number of our military always recommended , to make the whole thing computerized , as in the doomsday machine of herman kahn and stanley kubrick . but , generally , they allow for lower - level majors , colonels to decide , the time has come . we ve lost our commanders . the time has come to go . that s almost certainly true in north korea right now . amy goodman : so , when you heard about president trump having that meeting with the joint chiefs of staff in the summertime , the one where allegedly i mean , rex tillerson has not confirmed or denied this he called the president an f ing moron , that apparently was in response to trump asking three times in that meeting , if we have nuclear weapons , why don t we use them daniel ellsberg : well , he had asked that , allegedly , according to joe scarborough and others , to people during the campaign a year earlier . and an answer to that , of course , is he will use them . and he is using them right now . it s not a question of whether the president might use them . he s using them the way you use a gun when you point it at somebody in a confrontation , whether or not you pull the trigger . and both trump and kim are using their weapons in that encounter right now , as many presidents have done , as i discovered later as there s a chapter in the book of a couple dozen , perhaps three dozen cases , mostly in secret , where presidents have actually pointed the gun , aside from wearing it ostentatiously on their hip at all times , as in nato . i think the one of our commanders just said , oh , we use the weapons every day , every hour of the day , which is true . we use them on the hip . but at the moment , they re being pointed . and they re being pointed by two people who are giving very good imitations of being crazy . that s dangerous . i hope they re pretending . they might be pretending . but to pretend to be crazy with nuclear weapons is not a safe game . it s a game of chicken . nuclear chicken . juan gonz lez : well , this is an excerpt of president kennedy s address to the nation at the time of the cuban missile crisis , perhaps the closest the united states has ever come to nuclear war . president john f . kennedy : good evening , my fellow citizens . this government , as promised , has maintained the closest surveillance of the soviet military buildup on the island of cuba . within the past week , unmistakable evidence has established the fact that a series of offensive missile sites is now in preparation on that imprisoned island . the purpose of these bases can be none other than to provide a nuclear strike capability against the western hemisphere . amy goodman : so , that was president kennedy . can you talk about your own experience of the cuban missile crisis in october of 1962 talk about what you were doing . this is before you released the pentagon papers years later . daniel ellsberg : yeah . i listened to the president on october 22 nd , i remember , announcing that there were missiles in cuba , and i called up my friend , deputy assistant secretary of defense harry rowen , later president of rand , and asked , do you need some help out there and he said , get on the next plane , which i did . i flew out to washington , then , the next morning , early , got into the pentagon , the day , actually , that the blockade was instituted no , the day before , actually and was given the task , for example , since i was a command - and - control specialist , of that s how i got into nuclear planning what can the russians do with 30 - some missiles on cuba well , they can hit moscow i m sorry , they can hit washington . they can hit washington , which is what our joint chiefs would do . and they could hit various other places . and that , i knew , would not paralyze our response . it would only make it quickly carried out against all the cities in russia and china and so forth . it would do them no good , but that s probably what they would do , and so forth . i worked during that week . some nights i slept in the office of president of , sorry , assistant secretary of defense paul nitze , and on a couch in his office , while we were i was on several task forces , working for the executive committee , eXcomm , of the national security council . now , the next year i spent studying a great deal on that crisis , with higher than top - secret access , on the whole . and yet , i didn t learn many of the things that are most important about that crisis , which have taken decades and decades to come out of secrecy . for one thing , i ve concluded , contrary to what i thought at the time , that both president kennedy and nikita khrushchev were determined not to carry out the threats they were making of armed conflict compared to the north korean crisis right now . imagine that both sides have decided they are absolutely not going to armed conflict , they re only gesturing and breast - beating and trying to get the other side of back down . that s what was happening in the cuban missile crisis . and yet , to make the threats credible , khrushchev was maneuvering submarines within the range of our forces , armed with nuclear torpedoes we didn t know they had at all . and they were subject to mock depth charges to bring them to the surface , with our navy not knowing that they were facing submarines that could blow them all out of the water . kennedy , on the other hand , was moving troops , exactly like those exercises . as a matter of fact , we had done exercises , just before the crisis broke , of invading cuba not named cuba . the enemy they were against was announced in the papers as ortsac , which , as khrushchev inferred , cleverly , was castro spelled backwards , said , yes , that was a game we used to play when i was a kid , said khrushchev . so , here we were threatening to invade cuba . it was not a way to keep the cubans from acquiring a deterrent force , just as our exercises of invading north korea , going on right now , essentially , don t seem a very well - chosen way to get kim jong - un to give up his deterrent capability in the in north korea . but that s what we were doing . juan gonz lez : but you say in the book also daniel ellsberg : the other thing i learned was that in the course of these maneuvers , we came within a hair s breadth of blowing the world up , of having the plans i ve just described go into action . a nuclear submarine i should say , a submarine that was armed with nuclear torpedoes had the two top commanders , who thought they were being going to go down , actually , as a result of these mock depth charges that were actually meant to force them to the surface . the commander , savitsky , ordered the nuclear torpedo armed and ready for action against the destroyers or the cruiser . the second - in - command , whose assent was needed , agreed with him . and they were ready to go . it happened that a commodore of several submarines in the area was on that sub rather than some other one . it could have been one of the others , but he was there . and since he was the commodore , his assent was also needed . and he said no . and thanks to that man , vasili arkhipov , we didn t blow a cruiser out of the water and cause the nuclear explosion that kennedy had already announced would cause an all - out attack on the soviet union . that s why we re still here . juan gonz lez : and you said that you only learned years later that khrushchev himself had , again , delegated authority to these folks to start a war daniel ellsberg : some of the things we learned relatively recently , in the ' 90 s , and confirmed just in this century , were that khrushchev had not only managed to get nuclear warheads to the medium - range missiles that he had put in cuba which , by the way , were the exact counterpart of what kim jong - un is trying to do now . khrushchev had decided that his ability to destroy our allies directly , with his medium - range missiles in europe , which we could not find and destroy , mel mobile [ inaudible ] he could kill a hundred million and more in europe . that didn ' t seem to be fazing us in berlin . it wasn t getting us out of berlin . it wasn t getting us determined to keep access to berlin , even though doing that would force us to go to tactical nuclear war . so he said , i have to have missiles in range of the u . s . and so he moved missiles to cuba , medium - range missiles that would be in range of the u . s . kim does not have a cuba now to put and probably couldn t anyway , in the case of cuba so he s building icbms that can reach the u . s . , even though he can already destroy entirely our ally in south korea and in japan . so he s doing what khrushchev did in and it s dangerous , as it was for cuba for khrushchev at that time . ok , moreover , we had no idea at that time , though it was the most surveilled island in the history of the world u - 2 s and satellites were flying over it , and even low - level reconnaissance planes , that managed not to discover that he had put tactical nuclear weapons , short - range weapons , in cuba . we didn t know they were there . and moreover , he had done what we thought was unthinkable for a russian dictator who wanted central control of everything : he and his presidium had delegated the use of those weapons against our invasion fleet to the local commanders . now , that s almost necessary tactically . you can t wait on moscow if an invasion fleet is coming at you . but we didn t think he would ever do that . his theory was khrushchev and khrushchev was a very smart man , actually . and his theory was , and the presidium s theory , they can t reach miami . these are only tactical missiles , short - range missiles . they can only blow the invasion fleet out of the water , kill 100 , 000 americans , and let it stop there . it won t escalate further . when mcnamara learned that 30 years later , he said , that s insane . to think that we could lose 100 , 000 men and not go to all - out war against the soviet union and it was insane . kim jong - un seems to have a very similar belief , that he could initiate war against our forces in south korea and keep it limited . that s insane . but it s no more insane than our plan to initiate nuclear war against russia , which would kill nearly everyone in the world . amy goodman : we re going to go to break , then come back to our conversation . we re talking with daniel ellsberg . yes , he leaked the pentagon papers in 1971 , but his new book is called the doomsday machine : confessions of a nuclear war planner . and , yes , that is what he did , as well . he was involved in planning for nuclear war . ellsberg reveals he also made copies of top - secret reports on plans for nuclear war . stay with us . [ break ] amy goodman : no more weapons by steel pulse . this is democracy now i m amy goodman , with juan gonz lez . juan gonz lez : well , we re spending the hour with daniel ellsberg , who leaked the pentagon papers in 1971 . his new book is the doomsday machine : confessions of a nuclear war planner . ellsberg reveals he also made copies of top - secret reports on plans for nuclear war . i want to turn to a clip from the film dr . strangelove or : how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb , directed by stanley kubrick . ellsberg has joked that it could be a documentary . the black comedy was released in 1964 , just two years after the cuban missile crisis . amy goodman : the film centers on a nuclear crisis that begins when a u . s . bomber plane loaded with nuclear weapons is on a routine flight pattern near the soviet union at the time when it receives orders to carry out wing attack plan r . that s nuclear war , from lunatic general jack d . ripper , using the pre - delegated authority given to him in case of an attack on washington . much of the film takes place in the war room , where the president meets his top pentagon advisers , who want to proceed with the attack despite his hesitation . they hit a snag when the soviet ambassador informs them of russia s new weapon : a doomsday machine that will destroy the entire world if they re attacked . so , in this scene from the film , we re in the war room when the president s adviser , dr . strangelove , is asked to describe the doomsday machine , based on a study he commissioned from the so - called bland corporation . president merkin muffley : [ played by peter sellers ] but , how is it possible for this thing to be triggered automatically , and at the same time impossible to untrigger dr . strangelove : [ played by peter sellers ] mr . president , it is not only possible , it is essential . that is the whole idea of this machine , you know . deterrence is the art of producing in the mind of the enemy the fear to attack . and so , because of the automated and irrevocable decision - making process which rules out human meddling , the doomsday machine is terrifying , as is simple to understand , and completely credible and convincing . gen . buck turgidson : [ played by george c . scott ] gee , i wish we had one of them doomsday machines . amy goodman : that s a clip from the 1964 film dr . strangelove about the doomsday machine , which is also the title of our guest daniel ellsberg s new book , the doomsday machine : confessions of a nuclear war planner . your colleague at the bland corp i mean , the rand corporation is the one who coined that term daniel ellsberg : herman kahn invented that idea . and he said , by the way , that it kills so many people everyone , actually that no one ever would produce such a machine . he said it doesn t exist , and it never would exist . he said that in 1959 and ' 60 . he was wrong . it did exist at that time , and it ' s existed ever since . we didn t know that for another 20 years . we didn t know that the weapons we had targeted on all these cities and , by the way , i tried to change that under secretary mcnamara . i said , have a withhold option against all the cities here . you know , why are you killing the cities here in either in retaliation or , least of all , in a first strike which would force them or , you know , which would cause them , certainly , to hit our cities inevitably , which they probably will do anyway . but this gives them no incentive to refrain from our cities , whatever . why are we hitting moscow how do you possibly ever get the war stopped how can you possibly get it limited how could they surrender or the war end in any way , if you ve hit their central command and that seemed to make some sense , and there was a withhold option against that never implemented . when cheney came in , years later , he was amazed to discover how many weapons were still targeted on moscow . and we re talking about hundreds here , which seemed crazy to me . anyway , the system , however , as i ve already said , they knew they did plan that they were going to kill i said 600 million , but actually they weren t including the effects of fire . they never have , because it s too incalculable in the weather and the inflammable materials and so forth . actually , that s the biggest effect of thermonuclear weapons . so the number would really have been , at that time , well over a billion , plus the soviet retaliation against europe . so we re talking about over a billion people , a third of the earth s population at that time . and i ve actually heard edward teller , one of the sources of dr . strangelove , the fictional dr . strangelove , the father of the h - bomb , teller , say , at most , thermonuclear weapons could cause the deaths of one - third of the population , very close to what the joint chiefs had said . i thought of that as the glass two - thirds full , when i heard him say that . but the fact is , he was wrong . and kahn was wrong . nobody s perfect . in fact , it would be three - thirds . the fact is that the weapons on these cities , which continued always , despite the supposed withholding option , to be targeted on military targets in the cities the cities would burn nevertheless . and not only would there be fire , that were not in the calculations , there would be smoke , surprise . and the firestorms that would be caused by these simultaneous widespread fires , as in the tokyo firestorm of march 9 th and 10 th , 1945 there were only three so - called firestorms in world war ii hamburg , dresden and tokyo where the fires were so widespread that they caused a column of air to rise abruptly very high into the stratosphere . and what had not been calculated before , ' til 1983 , was that the millions and millions , possibly 100 million , tons of smoke and black soot would be lofted into the stratosphere , where it would not be rained out ever , and it would spread quickly around the world , causing a blanket that would destroy or , rather , absorb most of the sunlight from reaching the earth , 70 percent of the sunlight , killing all the harvests worldwide and preventing any vegetation , starving everyone on earth , essentially nearly everyone , let me correct that . carl sagan , when he first was reporting this in 1983 , more than a third of a century ago , said extinction was possible . the latest calculations show , no , extinction is very unlikely . we ' re so adaptable , we can live in the tip of new zealand eating mollusks , some millions of people . but 98 or 99 percent of the people will go near extinction close enough to be called a doomsday machine . and that is what both u . s . and russia have still on hair triggers , with the delegation , with launch on warning , with icbms on both sides that are vulnerable to attack by the other , and therefore have the incentive to use them or lose them if there s warning of an attack on the way . now , false warnings have occurred on both sides repeatedly and gone into several minutes . in 1995 , years after the seven years after the cold war was over , premier yeltsin for the first time , either side was shown his briefcase and the buttons that he would push to launch nuclear war , because of what was in fact a norwegian weather rocket that was mistaken for a rocket that might be headed at moscow for decapitation . and he hesitated , yeltsin , at that time , long enough that the missile would have arrived . and they decided it was a false alarm . if he had not , we wouldn t be here , because the nuclear winter resulting from the attack on one side , or both , would have produced smoke that long ago would have starved us and nearly everyone else on earth . juan gonz lez : so , when you hear the news accounts now of the threats of north korea and the response of the president , that he will rain fire and fury on the korean peninsula , what s your reaction to the nature of the debate now because i would think that back in the 80 s the public consciousness of nuclear winter , of the dangers of nuclear weapons , seemed a lot greater throughout the united states than it is today . daniel ellsberg : well , these are the first threats that any american president and american presidents have made many nuclear threats , as we said earlier , in the past . these were the first ones since the cuban missile crisis , more than half a century ago , against a nuclear weapon state . harry truman made nuclear threats 67 years ago against north korea , but north korea wasn t a nuclear state then . and by the way , we didn t need nuclear weapons to bring fire and fury like the world had never seen , except in tokyo and dresden and hamburg . we burned north korea to the ground without using nuclear weapons at that time , left not a stick of man - made structure left standing in north korea . so they all remember that if they re president trump s age or older , actually . he was four at the time . but that was indelible memory . they can believe we would do that . but now they have nuclear weapons . if they were smart , they wouldn t send them back at us , because that would be sheer suicide for them . every man , woman and child in north korea , as he s implied , would be killed . should we count that they won t do that , that they won t retaliate to our strike no . he s not going to take his nuclear weapons entirely out of korea as we have these exercises . he thinks he would be crazy to do that . it would be suicidal . and that s not the kind of crazy he is . the kind he is is the kind we are , which is nuclear weapons are to be met , or even preempted , with nuclear weapons , that striking first is better than striking second , and striking second is better than not striking at all . it s crazy , but we ve shown that kind of craziness for 70 years . amy goodman : you have called for whistleblowers to come forward . i wanted to play a clip of well , you have said that the army whistleblower chelsea manning , who is now out of jail , who spent seven years behind bars and leaked more than 700 , 000 classified files and videos to wikileaks about u . s . foreign policy and the wars in iraq and afghanistan . manning had been sentenced to 35 years in prison in 2013 , after she was convicted under the world war i - era espionage act . in january , president obama commuted her sentence shortly before leaving office . she was the longest - held whistleblower in u . s . history . after her release , manning spoke with abc news about her decision to become a whistleblower . chelsea manning : i m getting all this information , and it s just death , destruction , mayhem . and eventually you just stop i stopped seeing just statistics and information , and i started seeing people . juju chang : there are those who say you may have been motivated to get the information into the public sphere , but you might also have given it to our enemies . chelsea manning : right , but i have a responsibility to the public . you know , it s not just about you know , we all have a responsibility . amy goodman : so , that was chelsea manning . dan ellsberg , you ve called , in your book , for other people to in positions , to raise the alarm about nuclear weapons . you visited ed snowden in russia . what kind of information would you like to see released now daniel ellsberg : well , let me say , first of all , chelsea manning and ed snowden are heroes of mine . and at the same time , i can say i identify more with them than with any other people on earth , because they went through the same process of challenge that i did , and made the same kind of decisions . i would say to people who are in her position or ed snowden s position , especially in a high position right now , if you are aware of documents and i am certain these documents exist , in the pentagon , in cia , in the white house that show the true scale of the horrors , the damage , the devastation that would occur if president trump were to carry out his threats of armed conflict , armed action against this nuclear state , against north korea i m sure , by the way , that these estimates exist then amy goodman : do you think it s going to be north korea do you think it could be russia i know , i mean daniel ellsberg : well , you see , the difference there is amy goodman : given all the controversy . or iran daniel ellsberg : yeah , of course , any of those , if there was a chance of initiating nuclear war , as president trump is moving us toward , actually , in iran , with by talking about revoking the deal , and probably restarting their nuclear program . the chance of war with iran would erupt immediately , as was true half a century ago , when i was in rand and in the pentagon . we always considered that initiating nuclear war in the case of conflict in iran was essential . we couldn t match the russians in that period . ok , if you knew this , consider revealing that to congress and the press , whatever the cost to you , even if the cost is what i faced , life in prison , what chelsea manning was charged with , actual possible life in prison . a world s worth of lives are at stake here . and i would say , do what i wish i had done in ' 61 , which is put out those documents then , or in 64 , before the pentagon war actually got started in a big way . don ' t wait . as martin luther king says , there is such a thing as too late . and he talked of the fierce urgency of now . this crisis right now may awaken people in the pentagon and in the public to the dangers we ve been living with secretly for so long . amy goodman : we have to leave it there . dan ellsberg , thanks so much for being with us . his new book , the doomsday machine : confessions of a nuclear war planner , ellsberg revealing he also made copies of top - secret reports on plans for nuclear war .
why are ugandan troops amassed at the congo border again rwandan dictator kagame appears to be pursuing his own agenda in congo by driving local people out and populating their land with newcomers . another slew of orwellian headlines appeared in the press this week , along with the usual bellicose chants that war is peace , freedom is slavery , and elite security is national security . those of us who pay attention to the heart of africa are now being asked to believe that the adf , a small , beleaguered ugandan islamist militia , attacked a un peacekeeping mission in the democratic republic of the congo ( drc ) on december 7 , killing 15 heavily armed and highly trained tanzanian peacekeepers and wounding 55 more . congolese president joseph kabila and ugandan president yoweri museveni are mobilizing a joint deployment of their respective troops to hunt down these phantom islamists , or so we ve been told . i discussed a few of the gaping holes in this story with bard college professor helen epstein , author of the book another fine mess : america , uganda , and the war on terror . ann garrison : helen epstein , the congolese government announced several days ago that it had invited ugandan troops across the ugandan / congolese border into the democratic republic of the congo to they say help the congolese army hunt down this so - called adf islamist militia that s said to have attacked tanzanian un peacekeepers in congo . how plausible is this helen epstein : high - level meetings have been taking place between the militaries of congo and uganda , so it certainly seems plausible that the ugandans could be going back into congo . what it s all about and the reasons for it are extremely murky . there was an attack on december 7 , in which 15 un peacekeepers were killed , and this has been alleged to have been carried out by a ugandan islamist group known as the adf . the ugandan and congolese governments want us to believe that the adf is linked to islamic terrorists , including al - qaeda and al - shabaab , but many , many doubts surround this assertion . ag : indeed . i ve interviewed our mutual friend boniface musavuli , author of the massacres of beni and the genocides of the congolese , from leopold ii to paul kagame about this adf militia several times . he : this mineral and timber - rich area of congo isn ' t really controlled by the congolese . for decades it ' s been looted by the ugandan and rwandan armies who invaded congo in 1996 and then again in 1998 , and then by ugandan and rwandan - backed militias after the 2003 peace treaty was signed . this story is full of holes . now there appears to be a false narrative about what ' s going on circulating in normally reliable circles . according to the ugandan army , and even the atlantic council and monusco , the un peacekeeping mission in drc itself , this ugandan islamist militia the adf has been killing civilians and peacekeepers in drc all on its own for over three years and is now threatening to invade uganda . uganda claims that s why they re deploying their army at the border and preparing to pursue the adf inside congo . but this story is full of holes . ag : well , there s a long list of un investigations documenting the ugandan army s mass atrocities and resource plunder in drc . and in 2005 , the un s international court of justice ruled that uganda owed drc 10 billion for these crimes . shouldn t these normally reliable circles know that bringing ugandan troops into beni is like inviting the fox in to guard the henhouse he : one would think so . there have been even more recent un experts reports that gold , timber , and even ivory are being smuggled across the congolese border into uganda and then on for export to international markets . the assertion that the attack was actually carried out by this ugandan islamist militia acting alone is also very much in doubt . the so - called adf , which has been languishing in congo for 20 years , is really a very small operation . the congolese army chased most of them out of the forest in 2014 . it s very hard to believe that they could have carried out such a massive attack that went on for hours , wounded more than 50 soldiers , and killed 15 of them . the so - called adf is really a very small operation . ag : the tanzanian troops are part of the special un force intervention brigade that the un security council ( unsc ) created and gave an offensive mandate in drc in 2013 . that means the brigade can actually pursue aggressors , not simply defend themselves and the civilians they re assigned to protect . the unsc has renewed their offensive mandate every year since . they re the best armed and best trained peacekeepers in drc , so it is extremely unlikely that a ragtag , barely extant , forest - based militia could engage them in a fierce , four - hour battle . the brigade , most of whose troops were tanzanian , helped drive the m23 militia across the congolese border back into rwanda and uganda in 2013 . some congolese are suggesting that rwandans and ugandans involved in this attack were partially motivated by vengeance . monusco officials called it a well - coordinated and complex operation launched at dusk by attackers armed with mortars and rocket - propelled grenades , and reported that they took out two armored personnel carriers and an ambulance and truck before withdrawing . he : it s so unlikely that the adf could have mounted such an attack that it raises the question as to whether placing the blame on them might be just a pretext for ugandan troops re - entry into the country . and if that s true , it raises the question of who actually did attack the peacekeepers and why . it is extremely unlikely that a ragtag , barely extant , forest - based militia could engage the tanzanian trooips in a fierce , four - hour battle . ag : un investigators have accused congolese troops of attacking the congolese people in beni territory , north kivu , and in kasai for that matter . boniface musavuli says that some congolese troops and commanders are part of the resource - trafficking networks that include rwandans and ugandans , and they all want the indigenous congolese out of the way . so some people are concluding that congolese troops were involved in the december 7 attack . the congo research group reported that the attackers wore congolese uniforms and even included congolese officers that the peacekeepers recognized . he : it s very , very mysterious . part of the reason it s been so hard to untangle is that this long series of brutal attacks in this region since 2013 seems to be the responsibility of an amalgam of different groups . some of them may be former ragtag members of the adf , but they also include commanders of the congolese army and former members of rwandan - backed rebel groups such as the cndp and m23 . and what the purpose of all this is , nobody really knows , but it doesn t seem to be furthering the adf s professed aims , which are to destabilize or even overthrow the ugandan government . ag : if you study the congo research group s map of massacres committed in beni territory between december 2013 and january 2016 , it s clear that the perpetrators were moving west , away from the ugandan border and deeper into drc not east toward the ugandan border and the government that the adf may have wanted to overthrow at some point in its past . he : it seems much more likely that it has to do with territorial ambitions within drc , and some sort of strategy to take over this part of the country , but nobody knows exactly who s doing it . ag : well , since there s no group with any clearly defined political objective , it seems natural to conclude that the real objectives are control of the territory and the illegal resource extraction and smuggling in this corner of drc . he : well , that does seem to be the name of the game in this region , and there s enormous competition for resources there . and this particular area of beni is a kind of crossroads . virtually all trade in the region has to go through there . ag : the congo research group reports that the attack on the tanzanian peacekeepers was part of a battle for the control of the mbau - kamango road that goes through the virunga park , crosses the semuliki river , and leads to the ugandan border at nobili . sounds like a key smuggling route . he : yes , but that doesn t seem to be all there is to it . another factor is that there have been numerous reports , including reports from the un high commission on refugees ( unhcr ) , that rwandan peasants have been moving to beni in huge numbers , particularly into areas where there have been recent attacks . no one quite knows why . there seem to be many thousands of them just appearing , and many of them claim to be returned refugees coming back to their homelands , but they don t seem to know where they are and don t even speak swahili or don t speak it very well , even though that s the lingua franca of that area . instead they seem to be native kinyarwanda speakers coming from rwanda . nobody knows why they are occupying this area and in many cases occupying the very areas from which the native people of congo have fled . it seems much more likely that it has to do with territorial ambitions within drc , and some sort of strategy to take over this part of the country . ag : rwandan president paul kagame s desire to annex the kivu provinces , or at least north kivu , has been manifest for years . u . s . policymakers and pundits have advocated creating a free - trade zone , that would legalize cross - border trade in the region . advocates of this plan include two former us assistant secretaries of state for african affairs , herman cohen and johnnie carson , and humanitarian militarist john prendergast , founder of the enough project to stop genocide and crimes against humanity . this would , they say , legalize the illicit trade now going on , and thereby reduce conflict and increase opportunities for rwandans , as well as ugandans , tanzanians and others . but while the west looks the other way , kagame appears to be pursuing his own agenda by driving local people out and populating their land with newcomers . the fear is that de facto annexation might then become official through some sort of referendum in which the newcomers are given the right to vote . he : that s certainly one plausible explanation for the arrival of so many rwandans . there s a lot of mysterious , violent activity going on in this entire region , and many people are scratching their heads as to what it s really all about , and we aren t getting many answers from the un peacekeeping mission monusco which is stationed there in kivu province , and that s a big disappointment . nor are we getting any clear signals from the unsc . so again , we could hope for more clarity on this because if uganda really is going to get involved , it s going to get ugly because wherever the ugandan army goes , it does . there are also rumors that ugandan president yoweri museveni and rwandan president paul kagame are at odds again , as they have been off and on throughout their decades of both collaboration and rivalry in congo . if uganda really is going to get involved , it s going to get ugly . ag : there ve even been rumors that kagame has been plotting to assassinate museveni . the ugandan newspaper the red pepper was shut down and its editors arrested for publishing them . i haven t seen any hard evidence of that , but kagame is implicated in the assassinations and attempted assassinations of other political opponents abroad . and if museveni or kagame were assassinated , one or the other would be the fifth president assassinated in the african great lakes region in the past 25 years . evidence points to kagame s complicity in at least three of the other four : the assassinations of rwandan president juvenal habyarimana and burundian president cyprien ntaryamira in 1994 and the assassination of congolese president laurent desir kabila in 2001 . kagame replaced habyarimana himself and congolese president joseph kabila replaced his adoptive father laurent . the younger kabila was quick to state that he was more willing to accommodate us , ugandan , and rwandan interests than his father had been . he : there were many factors , forces , and interests at work then , as there are now . ag : neither monusco nor the unsc seem to have objected to the joint congolese and ugandan operation in beni territory , despite the long history of both armies crimes against the indigenous population there . he : well , we ll have to wait and see what the ugandan army does in congo . the people of this region have suffered so much already that it s very frightening to think of what could happen . ag : this morning radio okapi monusco s outlet reported push back at the congolese government over the proposed joint congolese and ugandan deployment : at the announcement of the meeting of kasindi - lubiriha , several voices were raised to oppose a possible joint military operation of the ugandan and congolese armies against the ugandan rebels of the adf . the beni civil society , for example , fears that the ugandan army will move to the region in the name of the hunt for these rebels . " he : yes , i just read that . it said the two armies had agreed to set up a network for sharing information about the adf militia but to stay on their own sides of the border for the time being , though they didn t rule out a future joint operation . ag : the congolese government was urging the people of beni not to be alarmed by the sight of ugandan troops amassed at the border because they won t cross . he : well , i m sure they re alarmed nevertheless . there may well be ugandan - backed forces in beni now even if they aren t wearing ugandan uniforms , but it sounds as though the army won t go in as itself for now . ann garrison is an independent journalist based in the san francisco bay area . in 2014 , she received the victoire ingabire umuhoza democracy and peace prize for her reporting on conflict in the african great lakes region . she can be reached at anngarrison or [ email protected ] . helen epstein is a bard college professor and author of another fine mess : america , uganda , and the war on terror . she has spent decades doing public health research in the african great lakes region . she can be reached at [ email protected ]
fans , voters , and americans of all political leanings mourn senator bernie sanders . sanders was found dead in his home at the age of 75 after suffering a ruptured brain aneurysm in his sleep . a video leaked from inside sanders offices showed the late senator in a distressed state wednesday evening . visibly red in the face and raging , sanders said , i don t know how it happened . obviously voting for hillary was the right thing to do , but my supporters seemed more convinced by trump s arguments in the end . where did i go wrong cassandra fairbanks , former bernie supporter and alt - right superstar , tweeted bernie was definitely suffering from brain damage in this clip . i hate to see him in this state . riPthebern in the leaked footage , bernie waved his hands in the air , as if distributing packages to the american people and screaming in a strained tone , a little fascism for you , and a little fascism for YoU and some wars and some NUKEs for YoU the video has since been removed from youtube at the request of the sanders family . many have taken to tweeting on the hashtag riPthebern , mourning not only for bernie but for the american republic . dr . troubador let loose a tweetstorm that has been at the center of all public discussion , tweeting historians will call trump the first of the real neomonarchs . by the end of his term he will be too rich to ever lose an election . trump will continue to buy influence and cash in on it beyond everyone s expectations and he s already grooming his family to inherit the american empire . we re all realizing this just now and it s not easy on any of us . imagine how bernie must ve felt .
uganda , which along with rwanda repeatedly invaded the neighboring democratic republic of congo , has once again deployed its forces in congo s resource - rich beni region . even as local congolese are driven out of the territory , rwandan - speaking settlers are pouring in , said helen epstein , a professor of human rights at bard college and author of another fine mess : america , uganda and the war on terror . people are wondering if they are really congolese or , perhaps , rwandans that are being settled there as a kind of de facto way of occupying this incredibly lucrative area , said epstein , speaking on the real news network .
view gallery if maisie williams being a bridesmaid at sophie turner s wedding isn t the definition of friendshipgoals , then i don t know what is . while speaking to radio times , williams , who plays ayra stark on the hit hbo fantasy drama series game of thrones , revealed that she is going to be a bridesmaid in turner s wedding , who is getting married to dnce singer and jonas brother joe jonas . turner , of course , plays arya s older sister sansa on game of thrones . when asked if she has gotten official word from sophie yet about participating in the ceremonies , williams said : oh , already got it . yeah , it s very , very exciting . it s kind of bizarre though . however , williams says that turner and jonas have yet to begin planning the wedding as she wants to wrap up production on the final season of game of thrones first . we re waiting til this season s done until we get into it . but i think she s already letting her little heart wander and imagine , maisie said . 2018 is shaping up to be a big year for turner as she films the final season of game of thrones , appears as the main character in the new x - men movie dark phoenix , and gets married to joe jonas . i only have one question , though : where s my invite , sophie i m sure maisie needs a date , i d be happy to oblige .
obviously , if you re in the trump administration , you are out of touch with reality and the idea of diversity . who else would work for a man that refused to denounce white supremacists trump , of course , is beyond out of touch . in all actuality , he s out of this galaxy with just how insensitive he is regarding the issue of race . he proved that when he insulted a career intelligence analyst last fall . according to sources , the analyst met with trump to brief him on a situation involving a family being held in pakistan . after doing so , trump asked her where she was from . when she responded she was from new york , trump was not satisfied and bluntly asked where her people came from . that s obviously a sign that she s not white . why else would trump ask such a question she finally responded , explaining her parents were korean . how did trump respond he leaned over and asked someone why the pretty korean lady wasn t negotiating with north korea . seriously do we really have to go there obviously , we do . this is a case of someone thinking that because one person is a certain ethnicity , then they know everyone else in the world as long as they are the same ethnicity . basically , this analyst has a korean heritage . therefore , she should totally be on the north korea issue . in fact , trump probably thought she was related to north korea s dictator kim jong - un . furthermore , referring to the analyst as the pretty korean lady is demeaning to the person she is . what does it matter if she s pretty or not the job she did and how well she did it is what matters . the reports come after trump s alleged remarks that countries such as haiti and other african countries were shithole countries . during a bipartisan meeting on daca and immigration issues , trump was noted to have said the u . s . shouldn t be allowing any more people coming from places like haiti . he reversed the protections that haitians had received after the 2010 earthquake . though sens . tom cotton ( r - ar ) and david perdue ( r - ga ) could not recall trump making the remarks , even though it was only a day later , sen . dick durbin ( d - il ) confirmed trump made the comments and noted sen . lindsey graham ( r - sc ) had rebuked the president for his remarks . he did not give specifics on what graham said . can we please finally admit trump is racist he s the uncle at sunday dinner who asks your mexican friend if he knows pedro who works at the 7 - 11 three counties over . america is seriously being run by our racist , drunk uncle . if you need proof , there is plenty of evidence that proves trump s racism . trump has consistently made racist remarks through his campaign and now tenure as u . s . president . at one point , he said that only some mexicans were good people . when mexico sends its people , they re not sending the best . they re not sending you , they re sending people that have lots of problems and they re bringing those problems with us . they re bringing drugs . they re bringing crime . they re rapists . and some , i assume , are good people . at another point , trump said this about mexicans . you have a bunch of bad hombres down there . before he was president , he said this about pres . barack obama . our great african - american president hasn t exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying baltimore . by saying that , he implied all thugs were african americans . look , he s racist . what will america do about it we already know what most republicans will do thanks to cotton and perdue . the best thing america can do right now is filter out the republicans in the upcoming 2018 elections , so there is a chance that democrats can stop trump . featured image by ron sachs - pool / getty images .
it s not everyday you hear about a funeral home selling body parts of the deceased for profit . however , these are no ordinary times . a family in colorado that runs a funeral home has been making some exceptional side profit by selling the body parts of dead bodies they have stored in their home . if you thought this was legal it actually just might be . the mother of the woman who owns the funeral home was the subject of an fBi investigation over the claims that she took the gold teeth off a dead body and sold them for profit . shirley koch , the name of the lady in question , did not just do this once . she actually made enough profit from her dealings to take her family on a trip to disneyland in california the funeral , known as sunset mesa , is currently under investigation from the fBi for a total of nine claims . the fBi is currently questioning former employees of the funeral home , as well as megan hess , a woman who runs a body broker and crematory in the same facility as sunset mesa . clearly , something is going between the funeral home and megan hess , who often sells body parts for education and research . selling body parts for research and education is fully legal . it is also legal for a funeral home to reclaim items that have been recovered from cadavers . so what is the issue here one of the ex - employees being questioned by the fBi has some of the backstory for us . keri escher told reuters how disturbing it was to see shirley koch do what she was doing at the funeral home . escher told the news outlet about the many times shirley went in and stole teeth from dead bodies . she only took teeth that had a gold crown , as she would have this gold melted down and then convert it into american dollars . she showed me the collection of gold teeth one day , said escher . she had sold a different batch a year prior , and they took the whole family to disneyland in california on the gold they cashed in . the issue at hand is that hess runs all the different businesses located on the same premises . she owns the funeral home as well as a body broker and cremation company called donor services . is it possible that she is selling body parts from donor services to her funeral home so that her family can profit on all the precious metals found on the dead bodies they collect this is what the fBi is investigating , because if it were true then hess would likely be breaking the conflict of interest law governing business operation procedures . this is the attitude of steve palmer , a funeral director working in arizona . the conflict of interest of having a side business in body parts just leads to problems , he said . there is no ethics there when you do that . you are not looking at the full disposition ( of a body ) . you are looking at how to make money . let s hope the fBi investigation clears some of this muddy business up .
while hunting for a deal online , nurse christine evans was scouring nordstrom s website looking for clothes . when she happened on a pair on sale for 89 ( 121 ) dollars , the nurse from the united kingdom acted quickly . to her , that was a good deal for the style the shopper was viewing . she clicked buy and could not wait until they arrived in the mail . but when she opened the package a few days later , she found a dirty thong underwear in one of the pockets of the jeans . she had been excited to own the pair of not your daughters jeans . but when nordstrom s delivered them along with a worn thong in the pocket , she felt sick to her stomach . not knowing whether this was a form of sexual harassment or a simple mistake , christine took to twitter to confront nordstrom s and get a response from the upmarket retailer . she tweeted : after many years of loyalty to your company , i was appalled at the lack of customer service you gave me when i received a pair of not your daughters jeans with a dirty and worn thong in the front pocket . i called customer services , and the response was not adequate with company standards . in response the retailer wrote : we re sorry for any disappointment caused , christine . could you please send us a dM with more details including your order number we d like to look into this . nevertheless , christine was outraged . she had bought the alina stretch ankle jeans and wanted to wear them . but when they came with a dirty , used thong , she was horrified . as a nurse , she understands that this poses a severe health risk to anyone who has touched the thong or the jeans . and if nordstrom s is accidentally putting dirty thongs into her package , what else are they doing wrong behind the scenes . as a nurse , she was very worried . as a nurse , the numerous amount of health hazards this issue presents is astounding , she said . despite her horror , nordstrom s customer service employees did not seem to be concerned . they did not address the fact that this could be a public health issue . christine wrote : yet all responses from customer services employees did not reflect the severity of the situation . after she reached out to nordstrom s directly , they offered her a replacement pair . and they also told her that no amount of compensation can make this right . and it is unclear if they ever offered her any form of payment or not . the company wants to learn who is responsible for putting the stained thong in the pocket of one of their upmarket jeans . as for christine , it is unclear if she ever will feel comfortable shopping at nordstrom s ever again . when you put your money into something luxurious , you don t expect it to come delivered with a dirty pair of women s underwear stuffed into one of its pockets . it is utterly disgusting and uncalled for . was it a prank from one of the employees or a mistake what do you think christine should do about this failed delivery
the major swedish furniture store , ikea , is certainly taking things up a notch when it comes to their advertisements . well , they ve always been fairly technologically advanced , the company is now asking a potentially pregnant woman to pee on their magazine ads in amelia magazine . why would they have such a request evidentally there is a reward for the woman if she is , in fact , pregnant . the ad campaign employees decided to try out some advanced pregnancy test technology . if a pregnant woman pees on the ad , a discount on an advertised crib is revealed . peeing on this ad may change your life , the top of the ad reads . this ad is also a pregnancy test . pee on the marked area and wait a moment . if you are expecting , you will get a surprise right here in the ad . sound like a win - win for both involved , as the pregnant woman gets to find out if she has a new baby in her future and the company gets a few extra crib sales . oh , and the woman gets the bonus of being able to purchase a new crib at a discounted rate . every baby needs a place to sleep , so why not make your purchase right after you find out for sure if you are actually pregnant . the woman has to drop some of her fresh urine on the directed spot on the ad and then it will inform her whether she is pregnant or not . if she is pregnant , the discount appears . technical advancements made during the work with this campaign have the potential to improve medical diagnostics , the agency that developed the ad , akestam holst , shared . the ad , which can be found in the swedish magazine , was created in collaboration with mercene labs , which is a materials innovation company , that develops industrial surface coatings and micro - structuring resins . they also specialize in medical diagnostic applications and life science devices . there is a combination of feelings regarding the cutting edge ad , and some find it to be a genius campaign , while others are not quite convinced and they feel that it is downright gross . while this may be a hit over in sweden , some are hoping that it stays over there and doesn t make its way stateside , however ; one commenter felt that it just might be a huge hit in the states yeah if you bring that ad to the states ikea will not be able to support the discount for that product . ikea is well - known for affordable furniture and goods that fit the needs of most homeowners . they have recently been the focus of a few interesting stories . at one of their locations , they made the news for having a massive sculpture that resembled a giant penis . after someone took a photo of the interesting sculpture , it made its way across social media , gaining a whole lot of remarks about both the store and the object in question . this pregnancy test ad will certainly add to the uniqueness of the brand and just might get them some more customers .
we ve all been driving or in the passenger seat when something takes us by surprise in the road . sometimes , if we are lucky , we catch it in time and we have time to swerve and avoid hitting the object , and other times we aren t so lucky and we run over the object , which could lead to a damaged tire . in a worst - case scenario , objects in the road can lead to major accidents . all it takes is one vehicle to hit the object the wrong way , causing them to swerve into another lane , which in turn , can lead to a multi - car accident . this is one of the many reasons why we always need to be alert and focuses while we are behind the wheel because there is no telling what is on the road ahead of us . large trucks are usually the biggest culprit of accidental spills , as these oversized vehicles are the ones most likely to be carrying a variety of objects . some of the oddball spills include a truck that spilled so much mackerel that the fish were piled two feet high in some sections . the next is a beer - lovers dream . highway 401 in mississauga had to close after 2 , 184 cases of grolsch beer were spilled on the side of the road . luckily no one was harmed and there was a lot of beer to go around . for some , the next major spill may be a dream come true . twenty tons of frozen baked goods were spilled over i - 74 in illinois , leaving a road full of doughnuts , cinnamon rolls , and chocolate cake . sound like a pretty tasty spill . it was a spill that required a lot of cleanup as authorities had to close the road for seven hours to make sure they scooped up every sweet treat . two people were taken to the hospital but luckily their injuries were not life - threatening . one drug gang had karma coming to them when their cocaine - filled truck overturned on a road in bogota , columbia back in 2007 . it turns out that the class a drug was hidden in the walls and roof of the truck , but it didn t take long for authorities to find it . in an incident that is less illegal and more adorable , 29 , 000 plastic ducks , turtles , and green frogs sprung free from a boat 15 years ago . since then , they have traveled 17 , 000 miles in the sea . they continue to be found . one of the latest spills was caught on camera , thanks to the dashboard cam that a nearby vehicle had . the truck in front of the videographer was carrying a load of plastic water jugs and apparently , a couple of them weren t tied down as good as the rest . it starts when one of the jugs becomes loose and falls off the truck bed and into the road . right behind that jug comes another one . it doesn t take the driver long to realize that he s lost some cargo and he pulls over quite quickly to assess the situation . you can never be too safe when it comes to securing your cargo . and it pays off to secure it properly , considering there is a huge fine associated with unsecured loads .
ever since it broke that donald trump made his sh * thole countries comment , the responses from various congressional leaders have been nonstop throughout the day and will likely continue into next week especially considering it s becoming more and more clear that trump really did make the comments he was alleged to have made . sen . dick durbin ( d - il ) confirmed trump made the remarks and the media reports were 100 percent accurate . sens . tom cotton ( r - ak ) and david perdue ( r - ga ) claimed they could not recall if trump made them . speaker of the house paul ryan gave a limp response that was basically a cop out , so he wouldn t have to criticize the president . many others expressed their outrage . rep . john lewis ( d - ga ) expressed that same outrage on msnbc in an interview on thursday . while speaking to katy tur , lewis announced he would not be attending the upcoming state of the union address . lewis himself marched with martin luther king jr . and fought in the civil rights movement . he noted that america had made such progress ; however , trump was reversing that progress . we ve come so far . we ve made so much progress , and sometimes i feel like mr . trump is not really in tune with what the american people have been all about , to redeem the soul of america , to create what dr . martin luther king jr . called the beloved community . tur asked lewis what he thought about trump possibly being racist . based on trump s history , anyone with any sense would give a resounding yes . lewis said : well , i think the words and his action tend to speak like one who knows something about being a racist . it must be in his dna or in his makeup , but it s frightening to have someone in the office of the president in 2018 speaking the way that he is speaking . we ve come too far . we ve made too much progress to go back to fan the flames of racism and bigotry . if anyone believes for a second trump s remarks would not add fuel to the fire , it should be noted that richard spender applauded trump for his remarks . richard spencer , a white nationalist leader , tweeted : i must come to the defense of haiti it s a potentially beautiful and productive country . the problem is that it s filled with shithole people . if the french dominated , they could make it great again . makehaitigreatagain it doesn t stop there . according to the new york times , the daily stormer posted on their page : this is encouraging and refreshing , as it indicates trump is more or less on the same page as us with regards to race and immigration . lewis noted he felt even more strongly the president wasn t a legitimate president . that s when he said he would not be attending the state of the union address . at this junction , i do not plan to attend the state of the union i cannot in all good conscience be in a room with what he has said about so many americans . i just cannot do it . i wouldn t be honest with myself . tur then asked a poignant question that only a few like lewis could answer . she asked what he thought mlk jr . would say today if he were alive . lewis spoke : he would say , mr . president , wake up . you need to do what is right . you need to do what is fair . you need to be a little more human and respect the dignity and work that every human being and stop putting people down because of their race , their color , or their nationality . all we can hope is that trump will hear lewis words and will heed them . featured image screenshot via youtube .
when michael wolff s tell - all hit fire fury : inside the trump white house hit the shelves , it was revealed former chief strategist and the guy we can basically thank for trump being in the white house steve bannon contributed several juicy as heck details to the book . in fact , they were so juicy , he ended up being asked to appear before the house intelligence committee and testify in a closed - door session . there are other reasons , of course , to ask bannon to appear and testify ; however , that s the most public reason . specifically , bannon provided his view on the meeting between donald trump jr . and others with russian lawyer natalia veselnitskaya and how he would call it treasonous in wolff s book . it was all pretty sensational . however , when he got to capitol hill , he tried to play coy and hard to get with members of the committee . when being asked questions about the campaign and his time in the white house , bannon s lawyer announced he would not be answering any questions related to his time in the white house or the transition period . poLitico reported : according to the person familiar with the interview , bannon s attorney told the committee he wouldn t discuss anything about his time in the white house or during the transition after the 2016 election . during that period , trump allegedly sought a pledge of loyalty from then - fbi director james comey and later fired him . though poLitico notes bannon did not cite executive privilege , it was a question many were asking . the washington post reported : rep . thomas j . rooney of florida , a leading republican on the committee said that questions about whether executive privilege applied were sort of dominating the day as the panel tried to interview bannon for details of what he knew of the trump campaign s dealings with russian interests . executive privilege is a means for the president or those in the white house to withhold information and resist subpoenas related to the executive branch . at issue , according to rooney , is whether executive privilege could be applied to the period they were questioning bannon about . rooney remarked : when does it attach during the transition , or during the actual swearing - in if you are part of the white house in any way , and you re talking about things that were during the campaign but it happens to be in the white house , then what with that said , the committee did not allow bannon the privilege or any room to circumvent questioning . committee chairman rep . devin nunes ( r - ca ) issued a subpoena himself in the middle of the testimony . of course i authorized the subpoena . that s how the rules work . other republican lawmakers who were not happy with bannon s refusal to provide information included rep . mike conaway ( r - tX ) and rep . trey gowdy ( r - sc ) . the white house has called the subpoena issued by the house committee a grandstanding move . bannon and his lawyer have not commented as of yet . bannon may think he can pull some fast ones on the house intelligence committee . however , it was announced tuesday bannon was subpoenaed by special counsel robert mueller iii himself . featured image by chip somodevilla / getty images .
law enforcement officers will often testify that seeking warrants is a time - consuming process that subjects officers ' sworn statements to strict judicial scrutiny . the testimony implies the process is a hallowed tradition that upholds the sanctity of the fourth amendment , hence its many steps and plodding pace . the problem is law enforcement officers make these statements most often when defending their decision to bypass the warrant process . criminals move too fast for the warrant process , they argue . officers would love to respect the fourth amendment , but seem to feel this respect is subject to time constraints . sometimes they have a point . and when they have a legitimate point , they also have a legitimate exception : exigent circumstances . in truly life - threatening situations , the fourth amendment can be shoved aside momentarily to provide access to law enforcement officers . ( the exception tends to swallow the rule , though . courts have pushed back , but deference to officers ' assertions about exigency remains the status quo in most courtrooms . ) the exigent circumstances exception remains intact , something law enforcement can lean on when the warrant process takes too long . when lives or evidence are at stake , sometimes corners have to be cut to ensure officers can get their man / woman and any evidence on hand . but the oft - stated claim that warrant acquisition is a long and difficult process is undercut completely when underlying facts about warrant approval are examined . jessica miller and aubrey weaver of the salt lake city tribune took a close look at electronic warrants approved by utah judges and found even the most exigent of exigent circumstances rarely evolve faster than warrants can be obtained . twenty - seven seconds . that s all the time it took for a utah judge to sign off on an officer s request to search phone records in a homicide investigation . in another case , it took 38 seconds to get a warrant to search a hard drive . and 48 seconds after asking , a judge gave permission for officers to break into a safe . these instances , in which a judge approves a search warrant in less than a minute , are rare . there were two dozen in the more than 8 , 400 electronic warrants served in a 12 - month period beginning april 2016 . but more than half were approved in 10 minutes or less . that ' s not scrutiny . that ' s a rubber stamp . add to this the fact that less than 2 of these requests were rejected and you have a warrant pipeline with minimal " checks and balances " interference . utah ' s e - warrant system allows judges to review and respond to warrants via email and text messages , which trims a bit of time out of the process . but there ' s not much in the stats that indicates warrants are subjected to the sort of scrutiny the fourth amendment demands . the problem for citizens is that once a warrant is granted , it can be almost impossible to suppress the evidence in court . even if the warrant is deemed deficient , the judge ' s signature often pushes courts towards granting officers " good faith , " reasoning that officers don ' t have the legal expertise to second - guess a judge ' s thumbs up . despite the results of this investigation , representatives for law enforcement are still claiming the warrant system in place in utah is safeguarding residents ' rights . getting a search warrant is not as simple as people might think , said brent jex , president of the utah fraternal order of police . after an officer writes the warrant , it goes through a supervisor and oftentimes is reviewed by a prosecutor before it is submitted to a judge . along the way , jex said , the officer is questioned about the facts of the case and whether there is evidence of a crime . it s a pretty heavy weight that we take pretty seriously , he said . that s why we have such a vetting process to get them . it s not easy . even what you d think would be the simplest warrant to get , you have to jump through hoops . but the vetting process asserted here isn ' t backed by legal statutes . the state doesn ' t require officers to bring warrants to prosecutors first , nor does it require review by higher - level police personnel before it ' s handed to a judge for approval . in some jurisdictions , the multi - level review claimed by the fop president is commonplace . in others , officers pick and choose when they will seek additional review of warrant requests . the problem with this system is these judges are the first safeguard of fourth amendment rights . law enforcement may craft warrants with these rights in mind , but the ultimate goal is to get judicial approval to enter areas protected by constitutional rights . challenging warrants after they ' ve been served is a difficult task and it requires a lot of time ( and money ) to do it successfully . it also may require the accused to spend a lot of time incarcerated while waiting for the trial process to play out . dangling a steep sentence reduction in exchange for a guilty plea often results in innocent - until - proven - guilty defendants relinquishing their rights and giving officers a free pass on questionable warrants . while the move to electronic warrants is a given , the fact they ' re delivered by email or text message doesn ' t mean they should be subjected to less scrutiny . and there ' s nothing in the investigation suggesting that this is the case . but that ' s not good news . all that means is the old system - - with its printed paper and face - to - face meeting with judges - - moved just as quickly . the level of scrutiny is likely the same as it was prior to the move to e - warrants . the only difference is the public can now see just how fast warrants get approved , thanks to electronic time stamps . this investigation likely won ' t result in more judicial scrutiny of warrants . what it might do , however , is lead to calls by law enforcement to block the release of this info in the future .
before i get into it here , let me be clear : there s so much about the cw s the flash that i think is great . it s got superhero fun with just enough heart and an awesome cast to boot . which is why it s so disappointing that the show is completely undermined by one glaringly obvious mistake that makes it impossible to enjoy . why doesn t flash have bugs splattered on his face after every time he runs really fast for a show that prides itself on its attention to detail , the flash consistently overlooks the fact that its namesake should realistically have at least a half - inch layer of bug viscera slathered on his face at the end of every run . just think of how many dead bugs there are on a car s windshield after a road trip . now take into account the fact that flash is traveling more than 10 times the speed of a vehicle on the freeway . do the writers really expect us to believe that flash isn t running into thousands and thousands of bugs on his runs and inadvertently killing them with his face and torso honestly , there should be some bird guts mixed in there , too . and feathers . these are basic considerations that a professional writing staff should be taking into account . and it s a shame that grant gustin s otherwise fantastic performance as barry allen / the flash is basically unwatchable thanks to the fact that his face is conspicuously bug - free in every single scene . it s the kind of mistake you might expect from a newer show that s still working out the kinks , but we re already halfway through the fourth season and flash has not once had to ask someone for a towel to clean the obliterated remains of bugs off his face after running 700 mph for a sustained distance . it s such an obvious oversight that it s frankly pretty embarrassing . it s just so infuriating that showrunners greg berlanti and todd helbing went to the trouble of building such a rich world for flash , only to neglect such a crucial logical detail : all the dead bugs that he presumably has to spend hours cleaning off of his face and teeth after every time he runs . would it kill them to at least include a line of exposition after each run where flash explains that he just wiped the splattered bugs away right before he stopped running at least then there would be a semblance of an explanation for why his face isn t covered by a full mask of crushed and splattered insects . but no . the creators of the flash apparently can t be bothered to make a show that actually makes sense . i mean , come on . we re four seasons in , and they haven t even given us a single scene in which iris has to give flash the heimlich maneuver because his esophagus is stuffed full of dragonflies and mosquitos he accidentally swallowed while running at lightning - fast speeds through all manner of outdoor environments . look , i m not trying to be a hater . i had high hopes for this show , and i really wanted to enjoy it . but central city s thrilling cast of characters and compelling superhero storylines can t make up for the fact that every time flash shows up without a mouthful of gnats , i m completely taken out of the experience . it s just bad writing and bad world - building , and i m not sure i m going to be able to keep watching . it s a real shame .
actually , throughout my life , my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being , like , really smart , president donald trump wrote on twitter on saturday morning . trump accused democratic opponents of his presidency and the fake news mainstream media of trying to use mental health questions to challenge him as they did with ronald reagan . i went from vErY successful businessman , to top t . v . star , to president of the united states ( on my first try ) , trump wrote . i think that would qualify as not smart , but genius . and a very stable genius at that trump said his political enemies were trying to raise questions about his mental stability because the russian collusion story was a total hoax . he also reminded critics that hillary clinton lost miserably despite trying to raise questions about his character and mental health to voters . trump is currently at camp david , where he is meeting with republican leaders in congress and members of his cabinet to discuss his agenda . . actually , throughout my life , my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being , like , really smart . crooked hillary clinton also played these cards very hard and , as everyone knows , went down in flames . i went from vErY successful businessman , to top t . v . star . . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 6 , 2018 . to president of the united states ( on my first try ) . i think that would qualify as not smart , but genius . and a very stable genius at that donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 6 , 2018
in recent days , media coverage has been relatively centered around the claims made in michael wolff s new book , fire and fury : inside the trump white house . former fox news host eric bolling tweeted friday that detractors needed a shiny object to take away from president donald trump s economic success : the left needed a shiny object to distract from the massive economic successes . realdonaldtrump has delivered for america . maybe they re tired of winning maga . < URL > eric bolling ( ericbolling ) january 6 , 2018 the ellen show producer andy lassner sarcastically responded , yeah that s it . lol . bolling asked if lassner denied that trump has improved the economy , which is largely being ignored : ok let s dance do you deny the economy has raged under realdonaldtrump and that the left leaning media chooses to ignore that and instead - linger on russia and a book filled with inaccuracies supported by questionable sources < URL > eric bolling ( ericbolling ) january 6 , 2018 lassner took a pass on his offer to dance and alleged the economic success america is experiencing under trump is continuing the upward trend clearly started by president obama . gonna pass on dancing with you or any other intimate behavior , eric . will also say that the economy is continuing the upward trend clearly started by president obama . < URL > andy lassner ( andylassner ) january 6 , 2018 bolling countered that under both former president barack obama and his predecessor , former president george w . bush , wages were stagnant . andy , wages were stagnant for years under both obama and bush 43 . in realdonaldtrump first year , wages jumped 2 . 5 . that s real money to most american who aren t hollywood elites . nottiredofwinning maga . < URL > eric bolling ( ericbolling ) january 6 , 2018 then , he used statistics and the american public to drive home a point about the impact of a successful economy . in [ donald trump ] s first year , wages jumped 2 . 5 [ percent ] , he tweeted . that s real money to most american ( sic ) who aren t hollywood elites . while lassner initially fired back with a dig at bolling being let go from fox news , the two quickly found common ground based on a shared personal experience . after bolling explained he parted amicably with fox news at the same time his son died of an accidental overdose , the producer made an admission of his own : my genuine , and deepest condolences about your son . i am a recovering heroin addict . i had no idea . i disagree with you on so much , especially trump , but my heart breaks for you and i offer you only love and comfort going forward . your new work is nothing but admirable . andy lassner ( andylassner ) january 6 , 2018 the back - and - forth concluded with bolling inviting lassner to join our group to help others and expressing his pride in the producer for staying away from that demon .
legendary university of georgia running back herschel walker made an appearance monday on fox friends to talk about his school s upcoming national championship game against the university of alabama and his friend president donald trump , who will be at the game . walker said trump has been getting a raw deal with people forgetting about respecting the office . [ w ] e voted for him to be president , and because of that , we have to respect him as our president , walker stated . watch the latest video at video . foxnews . com
following a regular season where most Nfl fans decided they had better things to do on sunday afternoons than watch football ; it appears those same fans still have better things to do on saturdays and sundays in the postseason . the first round of playoffs suffered double - digit ratings drops , as the Nfl begins the most important part of its calendar year , awful announcing reported . saturday s tennessee titans - kansas city chiefs game didn t deliver for EspN or abc , losing two full ratings points over last year s game . the game drew a 14 . 7 overnight rating compared to last years 16 . 6 for the houston texans - l . a . raiders game . it was the worst rating since 2012 , awful announcing said . later that evening , the atlanta falcons - los angeles rams game did only a little better , seeing a similar if not quite as bad ratings loss . according to sportstVratings , the falcons - rams game lost 10 percent over last year s game . titans / chiefs = 14 . 7 , down 11 from 16 . 6 for last year ' s texan ' s raiders ( h / t joshacarpenter ) falcons / rams : 14 . 9 , down 10 from the 16 . 5 for lions - seahawks last year ( h / t Nbcsportspr ) sports tV ratings ( sportstVratings ) january 7 , 2018 sunday s jacksonville jaguars - buffalo bills matchup earned better ratings than the saturday games , but it was still a 21 percent loss over the 2016 season s game , josh carpenter noted . fox drew a 20 . 4 rating yesterday for saints - panthers , down 21 from a 25 . 9 last year in same window ( giants - packers ) . cbs drew a 17 . 2 for jags - bills , down 10 from last year ( steelers - dolphins ) , carpenter wrote . these wild card game ratings come after a season of some of the worst ratings in Nfl history . by some estimates , the 2017 regular Nfl season is down nearly 10 points from 2016 . it should be noted that the 2016 season itself saw an 8 percent tumble over the numbers from 2015 ; with the sports media claiming it was all due to a raucous 2016 presidential election season . but with the 2016 election long ago decided , one wonders what their excuse is for this year .
on thursday night , sean hannity of fox news got fired up and went savage on a guest who was defending hillary clinton . the argument stemmed from the newly launched investigation into the clinton foundation . tomi lahren started with a fiery statement in which she asked the guest jessica tarlov when we were going to hear from hillary in all of this , because she seems to like to talk quite a bit about trump but has been silent since the investigation was announced . tarlov fired back , saying that nothing would come out about hillary and that these are reopening investigations that have been settled . then she backed up those claims by saying that jeff sessions is just scared of donald trump , and that s the only reason he opened the investigations . she said sessions did so because trump goes on twitter and says lock her up again and my doj is supposed to be doing this . lahren then pressed her asking , do you think that it s important that we investigate this tarlov responded , saying , it has been investigated tarlov then said , everyone knows the server was a mistake . hillary clinton knows the server was a mistake . then things really got heated , as hannity jumped in and held nothing back : it wasn t a mistake it was a felony no . mishandling of classified information , destroying classified information is a felony and when you bleach - bit it and you acid wash it and you bust up the hammers and you delete it , that s called obstruction watch the full video below .
north korea accidentally crashed a missile into a town outside pyongyang , possibly causing an explosion and casualties while testing weapons for their nuclear program , u . s . government sources claimed . citing a u . s . government source with knowledge of north korea s weapons programs , the diplomat reported on wednesday that a hwasong - 12 intermediate range ballistic missile ( irbm ) was launched in april 2017 near pukchang airfield in south pyongan province , before crashing into the city of tokchun after traveling around 24 miles from a minute in flight . the crash reportedly caused considerable damage to a complex of industrial or agricultural buildings , although the extent of the damage , which would include the number of human casualties , is impossible to quantify due to the secretive nature of north korea . images from google earth also indicate ground disturbances in an area that previously contained a building with fencing , as well as a portion of the seasonal greenhouse had been damaged near the side of the complex where the debris fell . the missile test was the third of its kind in april , all of which were failures . had the test been a success , the missile would have landed in the northern part of the sea of japan . it is not the first case of north korea s weapons program harming its population . a recent report by the korean unification ministry found that at least four defectors from north korea are showing signs of radiation exposure , a trend likely linked to nearby nuclear facilities . however , north korea successfully tested its first irbm in may and has since gone on to test more missiles as they aggressively expand their nuclear program in defiance of international sanctions . the regime has since launched missiles over japan and south korea . in november , there were also reports of a deadly tunnel collapse at the punggye - ri nuclear test site , reportedly causing as many as 200 fatalities . north korea denied the reports , describing them as misinformation designed to slander the regime . nevertheless , the regime continues to aggressively expand its nuclear and military capabilities while threatening to destroy the united states . in his recent new year s address , communist dictator kim jong - un warned that he could launch a strike at any time . the united states can never fight a war against me and our state , he said . it should properly know that the whole territory of the u . s . is within the range of our nuclear strike and a nuclear button is always on the desk of my office , and this is just a reality , not a threat .
thursday on his fox news channel show , tucker carlson reacted to president donald trump s reported reference to shithole countries and the criticism the president has received in response . carlson defended trump , saying the comments are something that almost every single person in america agrees with . partial transcript as follows : today , as you doubtless heard , during immigration talks , president trump said something that almost every single person in america actually agrees with . an awful lot of immigrants come to this country from places that aren t very nice . those places are dangerous , they re dirty , they re corrupt and they re poor , and that s the main reason those immigrants are trying to come here and you would , too , if you live there . president trump asked why america doesn t receive immigrants from places you might want to visit on vacation . why aren t we getting more people from norway , he said , which by almost any measure , including the Un s measures , is the most developed and richest country in the world . watch the latest video at video . foxnews . com while saying this , trump used an expletive , and that s not surprising either since he uses them all the time and was speaking privately . and yet , for some reason , virtually , everyone in washington , new york and La considered this a major , major event . why is that trump has since hinted he did not use such tough language during his immigration reform meeting .
wendell hussey cadet contact despite looming concerns about the state of australia s housing market , one local real estate agent assured us today that everything is going to be okay . now is a fantastic time to buy , angus black told one of our reporters . the market is booming . absolutely booming . we are seeing year on year incredible returns in the housing market . it s the safest place to put your money , he said almost convincingly . as australia s property market has now been classified as severely unaffordable according to a recent study from demographia , and supply is finally starting to meet demand in terms of occupation of premises , we asked black whether it was his instictive self - preservation talking . no mate . i am as straight as an arrow . i tell ya ( sic ) how it is . no nonsense , no rubbish from me . the commission is barely even at the back of my mind when i am opening doors for homebuyers , he said as he flicked through his phone while people wandered around during a home inspection in the ponds . the man who has been working in real estate for 18 months after finishing a university degree in sound production told us that the only way is up for house prices in the country , my piece of advice would be , get in now , before it s too late and you ve missed the boat . wanda carson from the school of economics at betoota polytechnic shook her head when we told her what young black told us . you know how the term cowboys is associated with concreters , demo labourers that sort of ilk well , real estate agents need to be lumped in with them , she said . interests rates are at record lows , new building work is still at extremely high levels despite the demand actually slowing , and the rate of income to debt in australia is scary at the moment . in my opinion , australians should be focusing on learning to ride a horse and hunt wild animals
wendell hussey cadet coNtact a local man has tried to make amends for the fact that he didn t bring anywhere near enough drinks , any form of salad and some mediocre chat to a bbq with a small packet of herby sausages . after immediately realising he had left himself short , sam krilic offered his 4 pack of mass produced sausages to the host with the statement red thai curry , mate . they are really nice . host connor watson smiled politely and thanked him for the morsels , knowing full well that he would berate krilic later on that day after a few beers . watson told the advocate that krilic has a long standing reputation amongst friends for being a bit of a scab . he is that person that brings 2 beers to a bbq , or doesn t bring anything at all and just hopes no one says anything , said watson . he is a nice fella and all , but is often guilty of hanging around after a beer for a free meal and then disappearing as soon as someone looks like they are going to start washing up . other guests at the bbq confirmed the allegations levelled at krillic , but similarly somewhat accepted his behaviour based upon the fact he was a reasonably likely person who dealt well with being given a lot of shit . yeah he wouldn t shout if a shark bit him , but fuck he cops it well . we spray him about his increasingly balding noggin , his tight penny attitude and his general dress sense but he always seems to laugh it off . it makes him good to have around i guess .
tracey bendinger social nuances contact a pub lunch catch up has been spoiled today by a friend who is incapable of confronting the financial responsibilities required of an adult . oh , i m not that hungry , i ll just get a beer said ken butcher ( 27 ) , in a whiney high pitched voice . ken smiled , but the remainder of the group exchanged knowing looks even the bar tender . a short while later the meals arrived and everyone appeared to be extremely satisfied with their meals . one person in particular , soph longstaff , had momentarily placed her burger back on to his plate , a gesture interpreted by ken as her moment to move into phase two . are you going to finish that oh yeah , definitely , you can have some chips though , if you want said sophie , only politely offering . she then looked on in disbelief as ken devoured the remaining chips and aioli that were on her plate . the advocate reached out to sophie after the incident to get her view on the treachery . oh mate . every fucking time . i was going to pick away at my chips , that i paid for , until we left the pub . she s a seagull . give her one chip , she ll take the whole plate . more to come .
tracey bendinger social nuances contact staff at one of sydney s hatted restaurants are today both insulted and disgusted by the request of one of their customers . upon tasting his duck a l orange , nyngan man , wayne hatton ( 29 ) , obnoxiously beckoned the waitress over and asked her for a side of tomato sauce a request that would sicken anyone with taste buds . oui , monsieur politely answered waitress romelle francois . oi who do i have to pay to get a bit of smokey b around here said hatton as he placed his knife and fork on opposite sides of his plate . moi , monsieur oh grouse . even some t - sauce the duck s a bit dry the advocate understands that the meal in question is the signature dish at the french quarter s , petit miam restaurant , and holds rich sweet , sour and tangy citrus flavours that clash incredibly with the factory - made condiment . having worked at a number of fine dining restaurants , romelle knew that the customer was always right no matter how wrong they were . would you prefer heinz or fountain sauce , monsieur asked romelle , who drops in the odd french word to enhance the cultural and exclusive atmosphere of the restaurant . oh fountain for sure , make sure you shake it first don t want none of that liquid shit . the advocate reached out to petit miam s head chef and 3 rd best chef in the world , trent fraiche , to see how he felt about his work being destroyed . it is a great disappointment to see my creations wasted on their palates fraiche quipped arrogantly . it s believed that hatton has since given petit miam a 1 star rating on tripadvisor , adding that the duck a l orange is the worst thing to happen to him this year . more to come .
wendell hussey cadet cONtact there was confirmation today that the way a cricket bat is held directly correlates to the amount of alcohol consumed by the holder . recent findings from a study have found that a strong two handed grip on a yellow or green cricket bat , ( mostly used by primary school students and backyard / beach cricket players ) is a sign of low alcohol consumption . following on from this , once the second hand moves away from the bat and the loose one handed grip resembles that of a tennis player takes over , it is fairly safe to assume that the said cricketer has become pissed . we attended the scene of a local backyard australia day party , on the premise that there were reports of a couple of attendees who had signalled their intention to get inebriated . what we saw there today has confirmed the findings . local carpenter andy walsh was enjoying a game of backyard cricket with his friends today as he hoovered up the better part of a 10 pack of carlton dry . towards the back end of his innings ( alcohol consumption not cricket ) he took a sitter near the fence . as a result he swaggered up to the stumps with kanga bat in hand . it was evident from the outset that walsh had zero intention of putting down his betoota bitter , and was attempting to play each ball like a roger federer backhand . it all ended unceremoniously after a huge swipe at the slow moving tennis ball left him on his back . walsh s friend phil confirmed to us that andy s fucked . andy was unavailable for comment , but other party goers assured us that the way he was participating in the game was a direct result of how many beers he had indulged in .
wendell hussey cadet cONtact young ellie wasson used to love australia day . she used to like it . until she started a full time apprenticeship and had to find part time work at the local taphouse in betoota s meatworkers district . it s not the working that has ruined it for me , it s dealing with the large number of piss filled patrons that frequent the pub on january 26 , she told one of our reporters today . as she attempted to smoosh schnitzel ridden vomit down the drain of the now clogged urinal , she told us that shit like this is the reason she is going to finish her apprenticeship . the only bloke rostered on is the manager , and he claims he is pouring beers , so as the bottom rung of the ladder i have to fucking come in here and deal with this festering mess , she said while dry heaving into her elbow . it s funny what you do for money isn t it . after some investigative work we found the man responsible for the vomit in the urinal and asked him whether he felt bad that a young glassy had to clean it out yeah , fucking woooooooooooo cunntttttttt . happy straya day woooo cunt , was the response shouted in our face before the man adorned with an australian flag wandered off into the beer garden .
louis burke culture cOntact no longer taking place on a day celebrating white superiority , triple j s hottest 100 now only commemorates cultural superiority , with avid listeners around the country proving their intellect before their peers by accurately predicting song number 1 on the hottest 100 . this year , it appears betoota local alice waters ( 28 ) has done it again with her number 1 choice ranking in at 95 which is not bad considering thousands of songs were up for consideration . between you and me i was thinking it would be a bit higher but i d be so embarrassed if it turned out to be like number 96 or 97 waters maintained her strategy this year was just to listen closely to triple j on a weekly basis and read every single article about top 10 songs she could find until she had a popular consensus she could pass off as her own . according to those close to waters , her strategy is a change from recent years where she was able to predict number 1 with 100 accuracy , just by hearing songs 100 2 on the day . we called her out on it though . every year as soon as we heard the first notes of number 2 she announces i KnOw what nUmbeR 1 iS like she s the queen of the castle and we re all the dirty rascals . while waters may have made a slight error in terms of placement for her number 1 , she is hoping to redeem herself as the day goes on . my number 2 hasn t been said yet . if that gets number 1 that s basically the same thing . plus there s still a chance i ll get a few right on the hottest 200 tomorrow
louis burke culture coNtact as australia day festivities take place , men with something to prove all around the nation tuned into triple m eagerly to hear a playlist they so far have found indistinguishable from the normal workday playlist . after noticing a gap in the market for those whose music needs were not being met on the anniversary of a cultural decimation , triple m launched their ozzest 100 playlist , an australia day playlist made up of australian songs that get played on the station literally every day anyway . while irrigation and hose salesman steven root ( 36 ) has managed to enjoy his australia day by listening to the ozzest 100 with a side of non - halal sausages , he finds it hard to believe triple m s playlist is that different from their usual daily routine . of course we re missing led zeppelin and my sharona , but apart from that pretty standard . oh , fuck yes , eagle rock feeling somewhat cheated , root believes that triple m could be recycling old material under a new name , reminiscent of the time his other favourite station wsfm released their entire discography in a 3 - cd box set . according to root , the playlist has reminded him so much of a day on site that he has resorted to drinking 13 tins of vb just so he could relax . and if khe sahn isn t number one , the bloody grill team is going to have me to answer to mg acts tough but i could take him and i could certainly beat the shit out of tubby old gus our reporters were forced to flee the scene following a raucous outburst from root and his partygoers as solid rock by goanna made an appearance .
video game publisher ea sports has made a crucial change to one of its most popular franchises that s going to make gamers everywhere stand up and cheer : the upcoming fifa 18 will have a brand - new feature that tells you who each soccer player s nba equivalent is so you can stop asking your one soccer friend to explain it amazing . this change has been a long time coming , and it s going to make playing fifa better than ever . from now on , new versions of fifa will automatically provide gamers with an explanation of who every soccer player would be if they were in the nba so that they no longer have to ask their one friend who understands soccer to explain crucial information like the fact that belgian soccer star eden hazard is basically steph curry because they re both small , underdog - type guys , ea said in an official statement on its website announcing the new update . we hope that someday soon , there won t be a single fifa player forced to ask their sole soccer friend what swedish footballer zlatan ibrahimovi s deal is , because the game will immediately tell them that since he s old and somehow still playing , zlatan is basically the soccer version of vince carter . the developers went on to add that even though they re still trying to figure out how to explain to new fans why there are , like , nine different leagues and a thousand different tournaments a year , they re confident that fifa s newest feature is a big step toward making the game more fun for everyone ea deserves major kudos for going above and beyond for their customers . we can t wait to play fifa 18 and finally get a sense of who all the players are in terms we can actually understand
this will change the way you watch this will change the way you watch 10 things i hate about you gil junger s classic 90 s rom - com about how to coerce a marching band into doing your bidding is filled with tons of easter eggs and trivia . here are some fun facts that will change the way you watch 10 things i hate about you forever .
people who are awake right now , you re gonna wanna read this one , because if you aren t asleep at this very second , science says you re doing it wrong . according to a groundbreaking new study , researchers have discovered that it s time to log off because you need to go to bed . the evidence is conclusive : it is bedtime so you should be asleep , no ifs , ands , or buts about it . after analyzing all available data , there is no doubt that it is currently bedtime , reads the study . at the moment , it is crucial that you save all your word documents , power down your cpU , and crawl under your covers . considering empirical data and statistical projections , we are more than 99 . 9 certain that you need to tuck in and get some shut - eye . researchers caution that if you read to the end of this article , you are waiting too long to go to sleep , because now is irrefutably bedtime . there is good news , however , for people who are already asleep , because scientists have discovered that they aren t being stubborn little babies like you . wow , this is a real wake - up call to be asleep . it completely overturns the previously held theory that you re not tired , and you just want five more minutes before bed , come on please , just five minutes . who knows what the next big scientific developments in bedtime will bring
there is one question that bothers vegetarians and vegans more than any other , and that is , where do you get your protein the general population has been sold this idea that protein only comes from meat and dairy products , but this couldn t be further from the truth . just look at gorillas , oxen , or elephants all herbivorous animals , all clearly getting adequate protein . so where does this misconception come from i think it s safe to say that the meat and dairy industry have done a great job of selling us on this lie . every time we post an article on ce about eating less meat and animal products , there are always at least a few comments that say something along the lines of , every vegan i know is so frail , skinny , and sick looking . if we are being completely honest , i m sure that everyone knows at least a few meat eaters that are frail , skinny , or sick looking . as with any diet , there is a healthy way and an unhealthy way to follow it . if people are eating an abundance of processed food , vegan or not , they are unlikely to be at optimal health . more and more bodybuilders are beginning to turn vegan . this is great news because of the sheer amount of food bodybuilders typically need to eat . people often feel it s impossible for a bodybuilder to be vegan , but there are a ton of examples that prove otherwise . take nimai delgado for example , he is an american professional men s physique bodybuilder and vegan athlete . believe it or not , nimai has been a vegetarian for his entire life , but in 2015 he switched to a 100 vegan diet . some background on nimai nimai s journey started out simply , as he made it his personal mission to stay fit and healthy , now it has turned into a full - blown movement which educates people on the fact that it absolutely is possible to gain muscle and even become ripped by consuming nothing but a plant - based diet . nimai uses his social media accounts ( instgram , youtube and facebook ) and his presence to spread the message about living a vegan lifestyle , far and wide . he is absolutely passionate about this lifestyle and aims to lead the way for others and set the example for those who may want to try out a vegan lifestyle , but are too concerned about losing weight , getting enough protein or maintaining adequate health . learn how to look inside yourself for answers , not outside . by practicing mindfulness we can really tune into how / why we are feeling and then once we identify it we can make a shift . but first , you have to learn how to calm the mind and become aware of those feelings advertisement - advertisement - learn more some of his achievements 2015 fresno classic , npc , men s physique class c , 2 nd fresno classic , npc , men s physique novice class c , 1 st 2016 grand prix championships , npc , men s physique class b , 2 nd fresno classic , npc , men s physique class c , 1 st Usa championships , npc , men s physique class c , 1 st pro card earned sacramento pro , ifbb men s physique , 6 th 2017 hawaii pro , ifbb men s physique , 8 th san jose pro , ifbb men s physique , 5 th vancouver pro , ifbb men s physique , 7 th no , he is not on steroids for those of you who are saying or thinking something like , ya , i could look like that on steroids too , or sure you can be vegan and look like that - with the help of steroids . well , just stop . nimai doesn t take steroids , in fact there is testing involved with the competitions he has entered and he wouldn t be able to hold those titles if he were in fact , on steroids . the whole point of his story and his message is that it is possible to gain muscle and get ripped without the help of animal protein . if he were taking steroids this would completely discredit his entire story , and yes , someone would likely have figured it out by now . anything is possible , it may be difficult for our brains to understand this lifestyle as we have been taught and told that we need protein to build muscle and that the only way to get protein is by eating animal products . this is simply not true , and it s time we open ourselves up to the fact that all foods contain protein , and believe it or not , some plant - based foods contain more protein than meat . there is also some science showing that plant based protein may be a healthier option compared to meat - based protein . for more information about that you can refer to the article linked below : plant - based protein vs . protein from meat : which one is better for your body nimai has been vegetarian from birth both of my amazing parents are converted hindus , and i was raised with a strong sense of compassion . growing up , my diet has always been about 95 vegan , with the exception of dairy products . nimai told greatest physiques . in 2015 nimai decided to make the transition from a vegetarian to a vegan , which meant no more dairy products whatsoever , he became 100 vegan . his reasoning was because he wanted to live the healthiest lifestyle possible and to him this meant fuelling his body with an unprocessed , whole food , plant - based diet . it is important to note that being vegan doesn t automatically equal being healthy . you can be a vegan but still eat a diet that largely consists of processed junk food . a plant - based diet is a very different thing . in his own words , here is why he decided to become vegan , i decided that i wanted to not only live the vegan lifestyle , but i also wanted to help spread awareness on how to become the best version of yourself while living this lifestyle . to learn more about what nimai eats in a day and his workout routine check out this link . what can we learn from nimai typical bodybuilders are consuming a ton of animal protein and animal products and like it or not , they are making a large contribution to the factory farm industry to maintain their size . by observing nimai and his lifestyle we can clearly see that it is possible to gain muscle and get ripped , even compete and win without touching a single animal product . no , not all bodybuilders need to go vegan , but at least this can serve as an example that there are many ways to get enough protein outside what we have been led to believe . not only is this important information for bodybuilders , but anyone who is doubting the fact that vegans get enough protein can see nimai and his lifestyle and know that it absolutely is possible to be vegan , get enough protein and be healthy related ce articles the latest vegan bodybuilder to tackle the protein vegan bodybuilders that will literally smash your vegan stereotype 10 vegan bodybuilders that are changing the way people view protein this 78 - year - old vegan bodybuilder might make you reconsider your diet vegan bodybuilder displays enormous amounts of strength in must see video
to succeed in your professional life isn t that hard , but to succeed in your personal life is a lot harder . to really be a human is a lot harder . we forget about that . yann arthus - bertand , director of the film human sometimes there comes along a documentary that is so profound , so moving , that you want to shout out to the whole world that they must see it . just - released human is one of those unforgettable documentaries that has the power to change an enormous amount of people . it may even have the ability to change how governments treat their citizens . directed by french born yann arthus - bertand , a well - known and incredible photographer , journalist , and reporter ( as well as an avid environmentalist ) , human is a stunning visual feast for the eyes and has a powerful impact on the soul . arthus , who is also known for directing another equally stunning documentary , home ( which was viewed by a whopping 600 million people ) , is back with another masterpiece that showcases something that has never been done before . synopsis throughout the filming of human , arthus and his team of 16 journalists interviewed 2020 people from 60 different countries , asking each person the same 40 questions , covering many subjects such as family , love , religion , ambition , and failure . they asked questions like : what is the toughest trial you have faced what did you learn from it when was the last time you said i love you to your parents and what is love to you what are your thoughts on homosexuality , the destruction of the environment and the cost of war what was it like growing up in your country why is humanity making the same mistakes the answers often surprised the journalists and frequently took the conversation to unexpected places . they even interviewed freedom fighters , death row inmates , farmers in mali , and war veterans who have seen life in a very different context than have most of us . countless moving moments of the countless moving moments in the film , i personally found the scene right at the beginning to be the most touching . leonard a man who is in prison in the Us for murdering a woman and her child speaks of his abusive childhood and how his father would often beat him and say things like , i did this because i love you , and this hurts me more than it hurts you . leonard grew up , not surprisingly , with hate in his heart and a very warped idea of what love is . he then ended up committing this truly horrific act . he was sentenced to prison and strangely , only discovered what love meant after he came across a woman named agnes who forgave him for what he did . and she was the mother and grandmother of the two victims . this is what leonard said : by all rights , she should hate me , but instead , she gave me love , and she taught me what it was . the variety of people interviewed , from so many different countries , shows you the scale of the world s common concerns , yet also gives you inspiration that the majority of people want the same things to live in peace and harmony with each other , for governments to treat us well , and to have that connectedness that is so important . the film also showcases just how hard some people have it in this world and makes you appreciate your own life much more . the movie also shows some of the most beautiful moving images of our earth , deserts , mountains , and landscapes , all alongside a stunning soundtrack . i promise you , you won t be the same after you watch this film watch the trailer below i am one man among seven billion others . for the past 40 years , i have been photographing our planet and its human diversity , and i have the feeling that humanity is not making any progress . we can t always manage to live together . why is that i didn t look for an answer in statistics or analysis , but in man himself . yann arthus - bertrand here is a link to the full film on youtube , which has been released for free by the producers of human . check out the film s website here . human facebook group
we ( joe martino , founder of ce arjun walia , senior writer ) recently sat down and did a podcast ( access our our podcasts here and our explorers lounge here ) with ananda sirisena , who is currently employed by a major software company as a senior training consultant . on top of that , he is a long - time mars researcher and ufo investigator who has been interested in the subject of extra - terrestrial life since childhood . he is , without a doubt , one of the world s foremost scholars on the topic , which is evident by the number of papers he s authored and co - authored that ve appeared in multiple peer - reviewed journals . the most recent example is a new study that was published in the journal of space exploration titled the mounds of cydonia : elegant geology , or tetrahedral geometry and reactions of pythagoras and dirac a study that s added to the already robust evidence pointing to artificial surface interventions on mars , as the study states . the main premise of the article is that these structures , if indeed artificial , provide an elegant and concise way for an intelligent species to transmit to another intelligence evidence that it understands the basics of tetrahedral geometry , prime numbers , and the quantum mechanics of the electrons spin , thereby giving additional evidence for the possibility of intelligent intervention . you can read more about that in depth here . another recently published a paper in the journal of space exploration by him and his co authors explores certain features on the far side of the moon that appear in the crater paracelsus c . titled image analysis of unusual structures on the far side of the moon in the crater paracelsus c , it argues that these features might be artificial in origin , meaning someone other than a human being built them and put them there . you can read more about that in depth here . we discussed these papers , among many others things , including a very memorable ufo sighting he had in his past and more . sirisena is a member of the society for planetary seti research , and you can view a list of all of his work , not listed above , here . you can view all of our other podcasts we ve completed so far here on itunes videos related ce articles you might be interested in below you ll find a couple of videos made by ananda , and below that some more ce articles that you might be interested in reading . ex nasa astronaut princeton physics professor says his colleague carl sagan fudged evidence of extraterrestrial beings the face on mars ex nasa scientists share concealed information about the face pyramid on mars faking the moon landing isn t the conspiracy , it s what really happened when we got there the united states tried to detonate a nuclear weapon on the moon and somebody responded when we did new study on unusual structures on far side of the moon that could be extraterrestrial in origin to read all of our articles on the topic of ufos extraterrestrials , you can visit the exopolitics section of our website here .
the works of multiple scholars , from plato to manly p . hall and further down the line , suggest it is essentially the use of rituals and techniques to invoke and control spirits or lifeforms that could be existing within other dimensions or worlds . for example , according to hall , a magician , enveloped in sanctified vestments and carrying a wand inscribed with hieroglyphic figures , could by the power vested in certain words and symbols control the invisible inhabitants of the elements and of the astral world . while the elaborate ceremonial magic of antiquity was not necessarily evil , there arose from its perversion several false schools of sorcery , or black magic . a distinction is made early in the article about black magic and white magic . basically , black magic is the process of using entities to accomplish a goal through ceremonial magic . hall writes : by means of the secret processes of ceremonial magic it is possible to contact these invisible creatures and gain their help in some human undertaking . good spirits willingly lend their assistance to any worthy enterprise , but evil spirits serve only those who live to pervert and destroy . . . . the most dangerous form of black magic is the scientific perversion of occult power for the gratification of personal desire . in his book , the secret teachings of all ages , he goes on to describe how the elites in ancient egypt , all the way up to the present day , have used these concepts in conjunction with their desire to completely control our world . today , it starts with the government , up through the corporations and further along up the pyramid into our major financial institutions , into the vatican and beyond . religion is interesting , to say the least . on one hand , you have multiple religions preaching the same message at their core , and , on the other hand , it s not uncommon to come across several contradictions between them all . don t forget about different interpretations of the same religion , which has created mini - religion spin - offs which take these different interpretations into account . obviously , multiple religions and their own interpretation of reality resonate with millions of people , and that s because they preach a message of peace , love , non - violence and good - will . it s hard to understand how conflict ( like war ) can arise with religion being the catalyst , especially if most preach a message of peace and love . this means that all those who claim to fight in the name of religion , must have a twisted understanding of the religion they claim , or , something else is going on it s completely hypocritical . a great modern day example would be the islamic state . today , it s not a perspective that s commonly expressed by mainstream media , but despite that , multiple professors , politicians and more have emphasized that the islamic sate , the group the united states and their allies claim to be fighting against , is actually a creation of the united states ( and their allies ) themselves . you can read more about that here . this is supported by more than just research and insider witness testimony , but by multiple documents that have surfaced , as well as multiple examples . it s called false flag terrorism , and it s been around for decades . the greatest example of this could be 9 / 11 , an event created and used in order to justify the invasion of another country , and impose their own ideas and political will on other countries , as well as globalization and resource extraction . this tragic event served as a big catalyst with regards to more people becoming aware of extreme corruption within our own governments . they ve had plans to do this for years , with multiple countries , as emphasized years ago by four star general , and nato supreme allied commander general wesley clark . as he says , there are no legitimate reasons to go to war . are the powers that be manufacturing problems so they themselves can propose the solution related ce article : putin calls out the powers that be the imaginary mythical threats they use to control us . in this way , and many others , religion has been used . it s become dogma , rather than a question for knowledge , wisdom , truth , and spiritual guidelines , and a tool to push elitist political agendas . it s been used to manipulate the decisions and behaviours of others , as well as close off their minds to new information that s emerging which challenge the belief system of that particular religion . it s also been used , in some cases , to drive a tremendous amount of fear into the mass population . there , in my opinion , appears to be deliberate manipulation of human consciousness when it comes to various religions . based on my understanding , most of the wisdom we did have was burned , hidden , taken and done away with . this narrative has been emphasized by multiple people from within the field . jon shelby spong , a retired american bishop , for example , told the world that that religion is always in the control business , and that s something people don t really understand . it s in the guilt producing control business . perhaps this is why so many aspects of religion resonate with people , yet so many others , like the fear of harsh punishment , doesn t . if we examine the cultures that pre - dated modern day religion , most had a spiritual understanding which connected them all , and , there are more examples of commonalities , and hardly any examples of conflicting information when it comes to guidelines for ones life and the description of what we call reality . there are also multiple stories of jesus travelling to the far east to obtain knowledge and wisdom from these spiritual teachers . this is also elaborated on by hall , among many other scholars like him . the information given to us by modern day religion might be a complete mix of truth , manipulation and lies all wrapped into one story . evolve your inbox stay conscious daily inspiration and all our best content , straight to your inbox . theodor roosevelt once said of politics that , instead of instruments to promote the general welfare of all people , political parties have become tools of corrupt interests which use them impartially to serve their selfish purposes . modern day mass religion has become the same thing . when man started to conquer the world , and events like the burning of the library of alexandria took place , the world lost a wealth of information and knowledge , and the conquerers seemed to be on a mission of indoctrination . perhaps the best example would be the stripping of indigenous wisdom from native north americans , and the process of indoctrination into a completely new belief system , one that denounced many teachings of their elders prior . today , even questioning the beliefs that are given to one via their religion can be met with a harsh response . if we as a collective are so ingrained in our beliefs , how can we ever be open to new ideas pertaining to the nature of reality religions and people s interpretations of them have been adjusted for years , spiritual teachings and concepts that pre - date religion have not , which is why we at collective evolution resonate deeply with what many call spiritually . that being said , even spirituality has transformed into something completely different today , with multiple new age type dogmas emerging , modern day spirituality seems , in some sense , to be its own religion . we are also very interested in the science of spirituality , because they tend to merge a lot . we now know that matter is not the only reality . there is a reason that most of our founding fathers of science were spiritual mystics . the vatican , one of the best examples ( painting on the left done by michael pacher ) the vatican might be one of the best examples of potential manipulation . in the view of the public , the vatican and its many representatives from all over the world represent a force of love and peace , at least that s how they portray themselves . despite this fact , and especially over the past few years , representatives of the vatican have been accused and caught molesting children , and ties to large pedophilia rings have been discovered . the vatican has had to spend billions of dollars settling and dealing with pedophilia cases , this is no secret . unfortunately , many of these children are , it seems , used in various satanic type rituals . the vatican claims to be following the word of god , but multiple insiders have come forth speaking about the predominant practice of satanism within the vatican . in hall s book , he provides many examples of how ceremonial magic , sorcery , and more were all practiced , and are a driving force among some very powerful people . he goes into the hows , whats and why , but that which used to be pure , according to hall , was taken and perverted by the world s elite , who , according to him and many others , still practice black magic till this day . i go into more detail into this article : how some of the world s elite used black magic rituals to conjure up entities for more power control for example , according to malachi martin , an irish catholic priest and writer on the catholic church . originally ordained as a jesuit priest , he became professor of palaeography at the vatican s pontifical biblical institute . most frighteningly for [ pope ] john paul [ ii ] , he had come up against the irremovable presence of a malign strength in his own vatican and in certain bishops chanceries . it was what knowledgeable churchmen called the superforce . rumors , always difficult to verify , tied its installation to the beginning of pope paul vi s reign in 1963 . indeed paul had alluded somberly to the smoke of satan which has entered the sanctuary . . . an oblique reference to an enthronement ceremony by satanists in the vatican . besides , the incidence of satanic pedophilia rites and practices was already documented among certain bishops and priests as widely dispersed as turin , in italy , and south carolina , in the united states . the cultic acts of satanic pedophilia are considered by professionals to be the culmination of the fallen archangel s rites . ( written in his book about geopolitics and the vatican , the keys of this blood , page 632 ) on multiple occasions he spoke about satanism being the predominant practice within the vatican . the list of figures like martin speaking of such things is a long one . the reverend gabriele amorth is another example , he was an italian roman catholic priest , and an exorcist of the diocese of rome , which is an administrative branch of the catholic church of rome . he claimed to have performed tens of thousands of exorcisms over his half a dozen plus decades as a catholic priest , and has mentioned a number of times how satanism is practiced within the vatican . he has also claimed that girls are commonly kidnapped by a gang of vatican police and foreign diplomats . he claimed that these girls are recruited for vatican parties , and crimes with a sexual motive . perversion and sexual rituals go hand and hand with satanism . according to the telegraph , and various other sources , amorth was holy see s chief exorcist for 25 years . the devil resides in the vatican and you can see the consequences the evil influence of satan was evident in the highest ranks of the catholic hierarchy , with cardinals who do not believe in jesus and bishops who are linked to the demon . alfred kunz , a catholic priest found murdered in a church in ritualistic fashion after investigating reports of ritualistic child abuse by priests . again , the list goes on and it s a long one . related ce articles : another massive pedophile ring uncovered with clear ties to pope benedicts brother the dark secrets behind the popes audience hall it s a giant reptilian pope francis sexual abuse scandals within the vatican have been made public , and the pope has been forced to comment on it many times . whether he is involved or not is unknown , there may very well be good forces within the vatican as well , and perhaps conflicts among those who are parts of the various orders . francis recently compared sexual child abuse to a satanic mass , which was interesting . the take - away message the past five to six years have been quite the rollercoaster . the birth of multiple independent media outlets have shown the world that a lot more is going on behind the scenes than what we are presented with , or what the mainstream media chooses to present us with . secrets have a way of emerging , they get so big that , eventually , mainstream media outlets have no choice but to pick up the story and , usually try to debunk . this is , in my opinion , a result of their relationship with powerful entities in several different ways . the relationship between government and mainstream media is one of many examples . the point is , a lot of information is emerging that s hard to believe , to the point where most people don t want to believe it , or pay any attention to it . if we don t pay attention to it , and bring the darkness to light , that means we can t identify it and thus , efforts to stop it can t even begin . awareness is key . that being said , it s clear that the majority of the people resonate with love , caring , kindess , the golden rule and a better human experience for everybody . if those whom we deem our leaders , and those who have amassed tremendous amounts of power and influence are engaging in such activities , what does that tell you can we continue to give those who have influence over the direction the human experience takes unlimited amounts of power are these really leaders or are they simply tools , puppets and and people used to push an agenda of a small group of people who , above all , desire power more than anything else our world has and is encountering so many problems , and for decades , our current system and forms of leadership have failed to act . there are so many instances where one is able to see that these people are really not concerned with making the world a better place . it seems many are disguising themselves as bringers of good - will , doing good in the public eye , only to be engaging in evil behind closed doors . have we been fooled the ability for the human race to make this world a better place is quite grand , and we re living in a time where we no longer look towards the barack obamas , the pope s , the clintons or the trumps , but instead , we re looking to ourselves . we are the change we want to see , and we can shift this human experience at any time . once we begin to see and awaken to what s really been taking place on our planet , our ability change the world increases tremendously . if mass human attention was taken away from consumerism , for example , and the intent in everybody s heart was a desire for a better world , the action steps would manifest , and they are manifesting . it s easy for us to label this as good or bad , dark and light . there is still a lot we don t know , but at the end of the day these are just experiences that are happening on our planet , and if they don t resonate with us , that s a good indication that it s a time for change . exposing this type of activity within powerful organizations that have tremendous ability to influence our world , be it the vatican , global politics , hollywood , medicine , or finance , is all part of one big revelation and a process of transparency our world is currently going through . the last thing i d like to say is , judgement is not the answer . by that i mean , too often we judge the victimizer , and console the victim , when both parties need consolidation and love . hurt people hurt people , and perhaps the evil in this world has its roots in a tremendous amount of fear and pain , and feel they can never really face the masses with truth and transparency and come clean , that is if they want to do that
hidden among the dense rainforests of the amazon exists a dwindling number of indigenous peoples whose isolated cultures remain untouched by the industrialized world . and in one of the most striking examples of just how cut off many of these civilizations are , scientists have come into contact with a remote amazon tribe that is only on season two of the sopranos . wow what an amazing discovery on a recent amazonian expedition , a team of archaeologists reportedly encountered a previously undiscovered tribe that has only finished watching the 13 th episode of the show s second season , funhouse , in which tony is arrested by the fbi . according to their research , the isolated tribesmen and women have extensive knowledge about tony soprano s family and criminal history from early plotlines , but have no idea where that will take him in the third through seventh seasons . while the tribe knew about the inner workings of the dimeo family s tenuous relationship with the mafia , these isolated peoples have yet to see the aftermath of big pussy bonpensiero ratting them out to the fbi , said robert abreu , emphasizing that this 30 - person group is far behind other cultures in its knowledge of the hbo classic . right now , they are only invested in tony ; his mother ; jennifer melfi ; and his prot g , christopher . if any of these people were to see tony soprano s cousin , tony blundetto , or other characters from beyond the show s 26 th episode , they would be both confused and shocked , to say the least . after weeks of interviewing the remote people , researchers further admitted they were stunned at how in - depth the tribe s knowledge of the first two seasons was , and theorize that its isolation had allowed its opinions to not be clouded by the remaining seven seasons . however , their findings also noted that the tribe still believed that christopher would still get back with his girlfriend , adriana , and had no idea that the show would take a nosedive during a critically panned season six or end in such a controversial season seven finale . truly a stunning find while there s no telling how this tribe will react when season three begins to creep into members lives , it will definitely be interesting to see how they react . until then , let s hope that the researchers can avoid spoilers and let the tribe discover seasons three through seven of the sopranos on its own
human knowledge is constantly evolving and changing , yet most of us believe scientific theories to be fact rather than working understandings of a topic . but they are theories , and our understanding of what is continues to change . these are always difficult times , because long - held beliefs enforced by scientific dogma are , for many people , difficult to adjust or relinquish . anger and disbelief are common reactions , no matter how thoroughly an old theory is disproven . just think back to when we discovered the earth was round , not flat , or that earth was not the center of the universe the catholic church went so far as to persecute and even put to death scientists and free - thinkers who opposed them . fast forward to today and , fortunately , much has changed . although several industries that we rely upon are plagued by corruption , fraud , and disinformation , some would argue that it s not as bad as it used to be , as evinced by the scientific study of concepts once deemed to be spiritual nonsense by the community , like meditation , or non - material science . over the past few years alone , a wealth of scientific data has outlined the many benefits meditation can have on our biology , furthering strengthening the scientific validity of the mind - body connection . for example , an eight - week study conducted by harvard researchers at massachusetts general hospital ( mgh ) determined that meditation can literally rebuild the brain s grey matter in just eight weeks . it s the very first study to document that meditation produces changes over time in the brain s grey matter . they also released a study showing that meditation can have a significant impact on clinical symptoms of gastrointestinal disorders , irritable bowel syndrome ( ibs ) , and inflammatory bowel disease ( ibd ) . the study showed that elicitation of the relaxation response ( a physical state of deep rest that changes the physical and emotional responses to stress ) improves symptoms in all these disorders . it was also recently discovered that meditation creates a distinct network of anti - aging genes and improves cellular health . this time , new research from the UcLa school of medicine s department of neurology has shown that long - term meditators have younger brains , with higher concentrations of tissue in the brain regions most depleted by aging . the study found that meditation can protect against the decline we normally see occurring through old age and keep our brains young . according to the study , on average , the brains of long - term meditators were 7 . 5 years younger at age 50 than the brains of non - meditators , and an additional 1 month and 22 days younger for every year after 50 . pretty remarkable , isn t it some showed a brain that is a full decade younger . the study used brain imaging data from a previous study that had examined the impact of meditation on cortical thickness . to compare the brains of meditators aged 50 and over to the ones of non - meditating controls , they went through the data . both groups included 22 women and 28 men with an average age of 51 . 4 years . meditators had close to 20 years of meditation experience on average , though experienced ranged from 4 to 46 years . a press release by the university explains further : it is important to note that this study relied on estimates of brain change based on age and not actual values . although these findings are consistent with prior research that detected significant differences in brain structure among meditators compared to non - meditating controls , results of the present study are inferential , and do not answer questions regarding how many years of meditation are necessary to attain this effect , or whether structural brain change directly corresponds to cognitive , behavioral , or psychosocial functioning . the authors conclude by hypothesizing several different explanations for the results they observed . firstly , meditation could be stimulating growth in neural structures and promote increased connectivity and efficiency within neural networks . secondly , it buffers the brain and nervous system against the deleterious effects of chronic stress , which may reduce pro - inflammatory response , stimulate telomerase activity , and inhibit age - related brain change this is precisely why these practices are being introduced into the workplace and at school . these current findings can now be added to a long and growing list suggesting that meditation ( along with other mindfulness - based practices ) does wonders for our biology , and is another great example of how , sometimes , we don t need scientists to validate something that is clearly already known . this isn t the first time ancient wisdom has been validated by modern science , and it certainly won t be the last . how to meditate a common misconception about meditation is that you have to sit a certain way or do something in particular to achieve the various benefits that it can provide . all you have to do is place yourself in a position that is most comfortable to you . it could be sitting cross - legged on the floor , relaxing in a chair , or lying down in a bed it s your choice . another common misconception about meditation is that you have to try to empty your mind . one important factor i enjoyed reading from the study mentioned above is that participants were engaged in non - judgmental awareness of sensations , feelings and state of mind . when meditating , you shouldn t try to empty your mind . instead , try to let your thoughts , feelings , and whatever emotions you are experiencing at the time flow . don t judge them and don t attach to them ; just let them come and go and recognize that they are transitory . keep evolving your consciousness inspiration and all our best content , straight to your inbox . i also believe that meditation is a state of being / mind more than anything else . one does not have to sit down for half an hour and meditate , so to speak , in order to reap the benefits of it , or to be engaged in the practice itself . one can be engaged in meditation while walking , for example , or while preparing for sleep . throughout the day , one can resist judging their thoughts , letting them flow until they are no more , or just be in a constant state of peace and self awareness . contrary to popular belief , there is more than one way to meditate . you will have to understand one of the most fundamental things about meditation : that no technique leads to meditation . the old so - called techniques and the new scientific bio - feedback techniques are the same as far as meditation is concerned . meditation is not a byproduct of any technique . meditation happens beyond mind . no technique can go beyond mind . osho that being said , partaking in the style of meditation that involves actively sitting down , breathing , and concentrating on quieting your mind or on a specific intent can be particularly helpful . the following article can help you with that : how to meditate : 6 methods that can get anyone meditating . to read more articles from collective evolution on meditation , click heRe .
if you ve been playing ea s madden nfl 18 and noticed some major problems with the gameplay , you ll be happy to know that a fix for one of the most aggravating bugs might be on the way soon : ea has announced that it will be releasing a patch to get rid of the obsidian pillars that none of the nfl players in the game will stop worshipping . this patch could not have come soon enough . for the majority of players , madden 18 had been rendered completely unplayable because of the jet - black obelisks that appeared spontaneously in the middle of the game s virtual football fields and caused all of the playable and non - playable nfl figures in the game to immediately start bowing to it and chanting in unison in an unrecognizable language . for the past several months , the ea forums have been choked with furious threads from fans complaining about the massive bug , and it was clear that many of them had grown frustrated with watching their entire team stop responding to player controls and start running of their own accord into the middle of the football field so that they could lie prostrate in front of a thousand - foot pillar as a sign of total devotion to its enigmatic purpose . just take a look at some of the angry comments that were lighting up ea s message boards : this widespread glitch has made it close to impossible to play madden 18 online . every time an obelisk appears during play , thousands of digital referees rush onto the field and kneel before it alongside all of the nfl players . the sheer amount of characters onscreen has caused servers to crash , and many ea customers have quit trying to play madden 18 online entirely . we ll see if this new patch will help ea win back some of these players who got tired of having their game interrupted to watch a virtual bill belichick fall to his knees in front of a towering onyx monolith and shout , humanity is jut a stepping - stone to something far greater every 15 minutes . fortunately , after months of complaints , it looks like ea is finally responding to its fans with a downloadable patch that will hopefully fix this bug once and for all . the company sent out a tweet earlier today that suggests that it s finally going to do something about the black obelisks that capture the mindless , fanatical devotion of every player in the game . here s hoping the patch works so that we can get back to playing madden 18 without the hassle of dealing with obsidian pillars that everyone in the nfl is willing to kill and die for
when the masculine and the feminine are in balance , there is fluidity , relationship , a flow of energy , unity , totality . this fluidity and balance is perhaps best illustrated by the taoist image of the indissoluble relationship and complementarity of yin and yang . in the broadest terms , the feminine is a containing pattern of energy : receptive , connecting , holding things in relationship to each other ; the masculine is an expanding pattern of energy : seeking extension , expansion towards what is beyond . more specifically , the feminine reflects the instinctual matrix and the feeling ( heart ) values of consciousness ; the masculine reflects the questing , goal - defining , ordering , discriminating qualities of consciousness , generally associated with mind or intellect . for millennia women have lived closer to the first pattern ; men to the second . but now , there is a deep impulse to balance these within ourselves and in our culture . there is an urgent need to temper the present over - emphasis on the masculine value with a conscious effort to integrate the feminine one . in the ancient world the feminine principle in the image of the goddess stood for relationship the hidden connection of all things to each other . secondly , it stood for justice , wisdom and compassion . thirdly , and most importantly , it was identified with the unseen dimension beyond the known world a dimension that may be imagined as a matrix connecting invisible spirit with visible nature . the word used then to name this matrix was goddess ; later it was soul . the feminine principle offered an image of the oneness , sacredness and inviolability of all life ; the phenomenal world ( nature , matter , body ) was regarded as sacred because it was a theopany or manifestation of invisible spirit . the greatest flaw in patriarchal civilisation has been the over - emphasis on the masculine archetype ( identified with spirit ) and the devaluation of the feminine one ( identified with nature ) . this has been reflected in the fact that the god - head has no feminine dimension , in the consistent neglect of feeling values and in the misogyny responsible for the repression and suffering of women . the history of the last 4000 years has been forged by men , determined by male perspectives and directed towards goals defined by men principally the goals of conquest and control . ( this is no sense intended as a criticism ; in the context of prevailing belief systems and general level of consciousness , things could not have been different ) . however , religion and science all our cultural ideas and patterns of behaviour have developed from this unbalanced foundation . throughout this time , everything designated as feminine ( nature , body , woman ) was devalued and repressed , including the rich diversity of the pagan legacy of the ancient world . in the domain of religion , heretics were eliminated ; diverse ways of relating directly to the transcendent were lost . naturally , this has created a deep imbalance in the culture and in the human psyche . it has led finally to the tyrannies of this century where the lives of some 200 million people have been sacrificed to totalitarian regimes . we can see the brutal legacy of this imbalance in afghanistan , bosnia , russia and now kosovo . but we can also see it in the ethos that dominates western culture . the modern tyrant is the extreme reflection of a deeply - rooted pathology derived from a long - standing cultural imbalance between the masculine and feminine archetypes and , at the human level , between men and women . i would like to read you this extract from a recent article : this is a world of monstrous tyranny . everywhere there are governments which by design or neglect are starving people , wrecking their livelihoods , breaking up their families . everywhere there is the oppression of women , of other races , of ways of life which are dear to people . property is confiscated , villages are set on fire , disease and malnutrition left to rage unchecked . and what all these victims , tens of millions of them , have in common what brings their suffering to the forefront of my indignation is this : they did not ask for this ; they cannot avoid this ; there is nothing they can do to change this ; they have no choice . ( matthew parris , the times , london 6 / 9 / 98 ) where there is no relationship and balance between the masculine and feminine principles , the masculine principle becomes pathologically exaggerated , inflated ; the feminine pathologically diminished , inarticulate , ineffective . the symptoms of a pathological masculine are rigidity , dogmatic inflexibility , omnipotence , and an obsession with or addiction to power and control . there will be a clear definition of goals but no receptivity to ideas and values that conflict with these goals . the horizon of the human imagination will be restricted by an overt or subtle censorship . we can see this pathology reflected today in the ruthless values that govern the media , politics , and the technological drive of the modern world . we can see the predatory impulse to acquire or to conquer new territory in the drive for global control of world markets , in the ideology of growth , in new technologies such as the genetic modification of food . we see exaggerated competitiveness the drive to go further , grow faster , achieve more , acquire more , elevated to the status of a cult . there is contempt for the feeling values grounded in the experience of relationship with others and with the environment . there is a predatory and compulsive sexuality in both men and women who increasingly lose the capacity for relationship . there is continuous expansion in a linear sense but no expansion in depth , in insight . the pressure of things to do constantly accelerates . what is the result exhaustion , anxiety , depression , illness which afflict more and more people . there is no time or place for human relationships . above all , there is no time for relationship with the dimension of spirit . the water of life no longer flows . men and women and , above all , children , become the victims of this harsh , competitive , uncaring ethos : women , in their disorientation , and because the feminine value has no clear definition or recognition in our culture , are drawn to copy the pathological image of the masculine which itself incorporates fear of the feminine . because to a large extent , this whole situation arises unconsciously , not much can be done about it until catastrophe intervenes . reflecting on this , i remembered the following story : once , not long ago , there was a great drought in a province of china . the situation was catastrophic . the catholics made processions , the protestants made prayers , and the chinese burned joss - sticks and shot off guns to frighten away the demons of the drought ; but to no avail . finally the people said : we will fetch the rain - maker . and from another province a dried up old man appeared . the only thing he asked for was a quiet little house somewhere , and there he locked himself in for three days . on the fourth day the clouds gathered and there was a great snow - storm at the time of year when no snow was expected an unusual amount and the town was filled with rumours about the wonderful rain - maker . asked what he had been doing during the three days that had caused the snow to fall on the fourth he said : i come from another country where things are in order . here they are out of order ; they are not as they should be by the ordinance of heaven . therefore the whole country is not in tao , and i also am not in the natural order of things because i am in a disordered country . so i had to wait three days until i was back in tao and then naturally , the rain came . the rain - maker did not do anything . he waited until he was in balance . then , his quality of being rectified the state of imbalance that existed around him . perhaps we need to become rain - makers your inbox will never be the same inspiration and all our best content , straight to your inbox . i feel we are living in a time of kairos a mythic time of choice a time of stupendous scientific discoveries which are enlarging our vision of the universe , shattering the vessel of our old concepts about the nature of reality . yet the delicate organism of life on our planet and the survival of our species are threatened as never before by technologies driven by an ethos of the conquest and control of nature , technologies which are applied with an utter disregard of the perils of our interference with the complex web of relationships upon which the life of our planet depends . the choice is between clinging to an outworn and unbalanced ethos and maturing beyond it towards a more responsible and sensitive capacity for relationship . if we are unable to develop this empathic capacity to relate , we will surely destroy ourselves and the environment that sustains our life . so how could we help to redress the balance between the masculine and feminine in ourselves and in our culture first of all , where are we , as individuals out of balance where are we driven by the unbalanced cultural ethos of achieving power and control , ignoring our feelings of depression , anxiety or symptoms of the body s distress are we allowing ourselves enough time for reflection , for relationships , for connection with a deeper dimension of reality the priority as i see it is to make the fact of this pathology a matter of public discussion . shift the emphasis from achieving power to achieving balance . secondly , here are some suggestions for strengthening the feminine principle in our society . free the imagination from the stranglehold exercised by a controlling minority which excludes the non - rational from inclusion in our understanding of life . formulate a new image of spirit as the totality of all that is both seen and unseen . recover the lost and devalued feminine aspects of spirit : restore nature , matter and the physical body ( including sexuality ) to the realm of the sacred . imagine the soul as a cosmic internet . we belong to an immense field or matrix of relationships . we could imagine the soul in this new way as something we belong to and can develop a relationship with . religion relinquish the dogmatic formulations of the past : monotheism as mytheism . ( ravi ravindra ) recognise the negative effects of deeply rooted beliefs such as the belief in original sin on our interpretation of life and its meaning . welcome the idea of direct individual experience of the sacred and the numinous . science integrate the principle of empathic relationship with what is studied in scientific teaching and practice . in education give children an empathic understanding of their own bodies and of nature rather than the image of the body and the universe as a machine . help them to become aware of their environment as a great chain of relationships in which their lives are embedded . nourish their sense of wonder . the psyche : develop a greater insight into predatory and psychopathic patterns of behaviour . learn to recognise and transform patterns of imbalance . heal the split between mind and soul . recognise that feeling is a valid mode of perceiving reality and must be integrated with thinking . the main problem in our society is emotional immaturity . politics : develop a forum beyond national and international politics where the true problems of the planet can be articulated and addressed . recognise grandiosity , standardisation , the drive for control , the proliferation of bureaucracy as symptoms of the pathology of an inflated and unrelated masculine principle . medicine : integrate alternative ( complementary ) methods of healing with orthodox ones as a deliberate policy . focus on preventive medicine . the modern gp has no time for an empathic relationship with his or her patient . the pressure of numbers is simply too great . however , in some surgeries and hospitals alternative practises are being integrated with orthodox ones . this integration could be expanded . agriculture : focus on increasing the production of organic food . removal of pesticides , antibiotics and toxins from our food and water . care of children : a much higher level of prenatal care . compared with the rest of europe , we are way behind ( sweden is the most advanced ) . attention to quality of children s diet and to nourishing the imagination as well as the intellect . educate women to be aware of their own specific value and the importance of their contribution to the culture . articulating feeling values without fear or shame . the vital importance of choosing partners with greater care ; value and prepare for the responsibility of motherhood . educate adolescents in awareness of the responsibilities of relationships and of the parent towards the child . teach them the psychology of the child ; its dependency ; its sensitivity , its potential for emotional growth . teach them about the complexities of neuroscience so they understand how their emotions affect their bodies and vice - versa . ask them to invent ways of caring for the environment . control bulling by a deliberate stated policy of making schools a sanctuary . children could help to make their own schools sanctuaries . meditation in schools from the beginning positive effects on capacity to learn and emotional balance . ( maharishi school in skelmersdale report the sunday times 19 / 9 / 98 ) . teaching methods : integrate right - hemispheric consciousness with the linear consciousness of the left hemisphere opening to the creative power of the image poetry , art , drama and music ( no exams for these ) . balance in the curriculum between developing the capacity for logical thought and creative imagining and participation . this poem by a 12 year old boy at school in southampton shows how a teacher can provide the environment in which a child can dare to express his true feelings : i hear my inner voice talking to me , explaining , encouraging , opening the part of me that i thought was lost . in this world of cruelty and fear little lights are burning . everyone has a flame inside their hearts , if only they had the courage to find it . the light can trickle out through a hole in your mind . when the inside is out you are transformed and revealed . there is no need to be afraid , but be curious as you will probably never know where the force is coming from . daniel webster jonathan schell wrote the following words in his book , the fate of the earth , because everything we do and everything we are is in jeopardy , every person is the right person to act and every moment is the right moment to begin . each of us is called to focus on rebalancing the masculine and feminine in ourselves and in our culture . this could effect a profound alchemy in our lives . women and men could both participate in a process of transformation which could bring into being a new cultural focus whose emphasis is no longer on power and control but on relationship , balance and connectedness . the phrase the conquest of nature could be replaced by the awareness that humanity and nature participate in a deeper and still unknown reality that embraces them both . at the end of the undiscovered self , jung asks , does the individual know that he or she is the makeweight that tips the scales that infinitesimal unit on whom a world depends millions of people have no choice . those of us who do have a measure of choice could rise to the immense challenge of defining and living a new and responsible role in relation to each other and our planetary home . written by anne baring . anne is a jungian analyst co - author of the myth of the goddess , the mystic vision and the divine feminine and author of the birds who flew beyond time
what if your left brain suddenly shut off and only the right side of your brain were active and working this is something that can happen when you have a stroke , and exactly what neuroscientist jill bolte taylor experienced in 1996 and she was conscious of it happening . taylor s story is not a new one . she gave a ted talk about the amazing journey she had the morning of her stroke and wrote a book about what she learned . i wanted to draw attention to this story today because consciousness has become a huge topic recently , and jill s story , which gets at the heart of who we truly are , offers much to the discussion . think about some of the shows and movies that have taken over the collective consciousness over the past two years the oa , stranger things , sense 8 , interstellar , the arrival , unacknowledged and you ll see these share a common theme : the exploration of our reality and consciousness . even if these themes weren t obvious to everyone who watched , they planted seeds that continue to germinate a desire to explore more about our reality and who we are . a subject once viewed as purely religious has now become more acceptable to explore and to discuss scientifically . once viewed as pseudoscience , consciousness is now becoming self evident . we are energy beings connected to one another through the consciousness of our right hemispheres as one human family . and right here , right now , all we are brothers and sisters on this planet , here to make the world a better place . and in this moment we are perfect . we are whole . and we are beautiful . why now but why why now why has this subject become so huge , not just in the minds of explorers , but also in pop culture i examined this question in 2011 when i began a film project to discover why humanity seemed to be going through a mass shift in consciousness . i looked at science , the cosmos , daily global events , and what ancient cultures had been saying for years about things that apply to our own time , and i discovered that we are in fact going through the greatest and most profound shift in human history . no it s not a renaissance , a small revolution of ideas , a new tech age , or even the natural progression that happens from generation to generation . this is much bigger . you can watch the film we released for free here . in this moment it may be hard to wrap our minds around it , just as jill had trouble grasping everything she was discovering during her stroke . this is why it s imperative to practice presence and going within . i also believe it s imperative to do this sober . imagine what it would be like to be totally disconnected from your brain chatter that connects you to the external world . so here i am in this space and any stress related to my , to my job , it was gone . and i felt lighter in my body . and imagine all of the relationships in the external world and the many stressors related to any of those , they were gone . i felt a sense of peacefulness . we can achieve this through meditation and presence . we are always pushing for things like alcohol , cannabis , or psychedelics to calm ourselves , but until we truly recognize and ground in the fact that we must be able to live that reality in everyday life , at peace , with our soul connected and aware in our reality , we are simply still living unconscious . what we know in our mind is not what defines how consciously aware we are of ourselves and reality . we can know a ton of words to describe what we truly are , but until we can experience it sober in everyday life , it s simply a mental understanding , not one we are living . discovering who we truly are taylor describes an understanding that we all can achieve through practice , meditation , taking quiet time to remember , or shifting consciousness through processes like those we use in our 5 days of you challenge . so who are we we are the life force power of the universe , with manual dexterity and two cognitive minds . and we have the power to choose , moment by moment , who and how we want to be in the world . right here right now , i can step into the consciousness of my right hemisphere where we are i am the life force power of the universe , and the life force power of the 50 trillion beautiful molecular geniuses that make up my form . at one with all that is . or i can choose to step into the consciousness of my left hemisphere where i become a single individual , a solid , separate from the flow , separate from you . i am dr . jill bolte taylor , intellectual , neuroanatomist . these are the we inside of me . keep evolving your consciousness inspiration and all our best content , straight to your inbox . which would you choose which do you choose and when i believe that the more time we spend choosing to run the deep inner peace circuitry of our right hemispheres , the more peace we will project into the world and the more peaceful our planet will be . and i thought that was an idea worth spreading . i recently explored these questions in a status i posted on facebook that i think is important to share here too : i still think most of us underestimate the true nature of the shift we are experiencing on this planet . this isn t a small revolution in tech , business , our economy or ideas we re reshaping the entire human experience from one that operates on ego and disconnection to one that has our soul living and driving our experience . we won t need activism and revolutionary new ideas because the consciousness that will form , and is forming , on this planet ( that of oneness consciousness ) is not rigid , does not need waking up , and evolves naturally . our systems will flow and change fluidly , there won t be a fight to make it happen . we won t need marketing to convince millions down a different path . we won t even need this whole idea of sustainability and to teach our kids because it s simply part of that state of consciousness . most changemakers and thought leaders are still approaching this whole shift from a 3 d level of consciousness in many ways . i ring this bell right now because i feel it s imperative we actually begin to anchor our meditations and thoughts in a reality that taps into the emerging consciousness and not one where we use our minds to try and figure out how to project a world that s still of this state of consciousness but simply with some more harmonious elements . get out of the mind and explore what the future really looks like , dream and try it sober , the truth is within you and it s time to start practicing that deeply .
different approaches to similar problems january 23 , 2018 " drain the swamp " " corruption " anyone who supports president donald trump , and even his critics , are familiar with his promise to end the corruption that infests washington d . c . " drain the swamp " was the rally cry , the aspiration of millions to see our federal government rid of self - serving politicians , lobbyists , corporate leeches , and various other special interest groups . the american people want control over their government : they want to see it working for them , and not as merely a tool for the well - connected in d . c . to stuff their pockets and off - shore bank accounts . how successful has this effort been this article will compare the corruption problem in the u . s . , and juxtapose it against analogous developments in saudi arabia . the prince ' s anti - corruption drive as a new prince , mohammed bin salman , was crowned by his father , salman bin abdulaziz al saud , of saudi arabia , he was determined to tackle endemic corruption for a variety of reasons . for example : the saudi people desired liberalizing social reforms , especially for saudi women , and the ruling family was determined to end the culture of rampant financial corruption that had cost the saudi government billions - in some cases , these financial dealings were also intertwined with geopolitical rivals iran and qatar . the data below compares the problem of corruption in the united states and saudi arabia , and the respective approaches taken to correct it . population united states - 323 million - 323 million saudi arabia - 32 . 3 million scope and scale united states - 1 , 875 * conservative estimate . see calculation below . saudi arabia - 500 investigations and arrests united states in fact , it is the trump administration and former campaign associates who are under investigation by special counsel mueller and the politicized heads of the fbi . attorney general jeff sessions has not made it a focus of the department of justice to investigate government corruption , and finally prosecute suspects . despite ample evidence of corruption in the clinton campaign , among hillary and her surrogates , no charges have thus far been forthcoming . saudi arabia approximately 500 saudis have been arrested , including at least 11 princes . more than 2 , 000 accounts have been frozen and / or seized . the prisoners were held in the ritz - carlton hotel in riyadh . however , the hotel is now accepting reservations beginning on feb . 14 , suggesting that the procedures are concluding . remaining prisoners have been transferred to actual prisons . after settling with authorities , all but prince al - waleed bin talal ( who continues to refuse to pay the reported demanded 6 billion ) have been released . recovered funds united states as the dOj has not prioritized corruption , no savings can be attributed to funds recovered . however , nearly 7 trillion of value has been added to the stock market , resulting from less regulation and business - friendly climate . saudi arabia it is estimated that hundreds of billions usd have already been recovered by the saudi government , helping to address budget deficits resulting from lower oil revenue . saudi binladin group - bark bin laden : the government forced the company to cancel 30 billion owed to it by the government . not content with the reaction of the company ' s management , i . e . the bin laden family , to the debt cancellation the government seized the entire company and it is now owned by the state . a swamp by any other name a swamp , by any other name , still stinks . in saudi arabia , the prince calls the problem by its plain and well - understood adjective - " corruption . " in washington , the euphemism " swamp " is applied , but it cannot change the character of criminal activities and abuse of office . in saudi arabia , the prince has targeted corrupt officials and royal family members as well , regardless of title , position , and social status . the results speak for themselves , and it appears that within the course of approximately three months the operation has nearly concluded . additionally , the government of saudi arabia will likely seize in excess of 100 billion of ill - gotten gains in the form of cash and assets . although the trump administration issued executive orders aimed at curbing corruption , the swamp continues to operate largely unfettered in washington today . the saudis applied a systematic method to clean up their government and society . what would an american equivalent of such an operation look like no doubt , it would be legal and transparent . if there is to be a change in business - as - usual in our capital and government , it is up to president trump and attorney general jeff sessions - or his replacement - to develop such a plan . * note : estimating the number of corrupt federal officials ( elected or otherwise ) in the united states is difficult and controversial , but below presents a model for a conservative estimate . there are a total of 535 congressmen / women in the house of representatives ( 435 ) and the senate ( 100 ) . the incidence of reports , both confirmed and unconfirmed , of corruption suggests that a significant number of congressional leaders have engaged in corrupt activities . figures relating to personal wealth of various congressional leaders also support this assumption . for the purposes of discussion , let ' s assume that one - third , or 175 congressmen have illegally profited from their elected office ( a conservative figure ) . congressmen have illegally profited from their elected office ( a conservative figure ) . let ' s further assume that for each of these 175 , there are on average two prominent lobbyists ( 350 ) , bringing the total to 525 ( 175 + 350 ) . ( 175 + 350 ) . there are approximately 2 . 7 million civilians employed by the federal government . let us assume that 1 are in a position to abuse their position for personal gain ( 27 , 000 ) . furthermore , let ' s assume that 5 of these eligible persons have engaged in corruption - 1 , 350 . . without further estimation , that would bring the total estimated number to 1 , 875 ( 525 + 1350 ) .
daniel greenfield daniel greenfield is a blogger , columnist and freelance photographer born in israel , who maintains his own blog , sultan knish .
immigration must be rational , says the fiery italian archbishop luigi negri , because uncontrolled immigration leads to the crushing and extermination of our society . you can t just open the doors , as if it were a party , negri states in an interview with italian media tuesday . it is essential to highlight the economic , human and cultural costs of immigration , since failing to do so means caving into ideology . i am a catholic and therefore i believe in welcoming diversity , said negri , the recently retired archbishop of ferrara - comacchio and a close friend of pope emeritus benedict XVi , but this cannot be unmeasured because otherwise it leads to a crushing and extermination of our society . this is not the way that christian europe down through the centuries integrated elements of novelty that contributed to bringing about its richness , he said . asked why the globalist movement is pushing so hard for increased immigration , negri said that they are ideologically driven to seek a homogeneous culture where everyone thinks the same . the movement seeks to normalize mass immigration , the archbishop said , because this serves the great globalized economy , one of whose objectives is to create a low - paid immigrant workforce . the archbishop said that in this regard , pope francis is being exploited by secularist society , who use his words to justify their own positions , which have nothing to do with christianity . pope francis is being instrumentalized by the reigning worldview , negri said . today there is a connivance between a certain christianity and the secularist society , which the church seems no longer able to say no to , which in my view is exactly what is needed . the church has embarked on a slippery slope that is leading it to give in to the rampant force of anti - christianity , he said . it is yielding to the dominant mentality and is content to take refuge in a sort of reservation , already imposed in these centuries on many other religious and cultural minorities . far worse than the personal moral failings of a few people is an ideological error that leads to doctrinal inconsistency in the church , negri said . we are tending to come to terms with secularism , to carve out a niche and make catholicism a sort of element of folklore that does not trouble this atheistic society , he said . this loss of identity and a clear sense of mission has not been similarly experienced by islam , the archbishop noted , because islam has a political rather than a religious vocation . more than a faith , islam is a law , a status , summarized by the word sharia , he said . unlike christianity , which extols man s freedom and his irreducibility , to the point of making him god s partner in faith , he said , islam does not take the person into consideration . the muslim only has value for the social and political context in which he lives . it is no coincidence that islam spreads among the weak , he continued , who need authority to feel protected . the archbishop also expressed his concern over islam s tendency to break down the values of western civilization , especially that of the essential distinction between politics and religion , which is one the key aspects of the western rule of law , he said . in islam , religious authorities , which in many cases also act as civil authorities , administer justice in their courts by issuing fatwas that even provide for the death penalty , he noted .
a special report from pro - life activists at operation rescue confirms the abortion industry across america is continuing to decline , with only about 23 percent of the surgical abortion facilities that were doing abortion procedures in 1991 still open . it s happening just as it s been confirmed that the fbi is investigating planned parenthood and other industry leaders for their trade in the body part of unborn children . the investigation resulted from recommendations of committees in both houses of congress based on a series of 2015 undercover videos showing abortion business executives talking about higher prices for baby body parts . one famously said she wanted higher prices because , i want a lamborghini . and it s coming just as america s economy is booming under president trump , with the dow up 5 , 000 in a year and corporations such as at t announcing massive employee bonus programs in response to the new tax - reform bill . the new report is the latest in a series that dates back to 2009 , when operation rescue started keeping tabs on the abortion industry . or s cheryl sullenger said earlier this year the number of abortion facilities dropped by 27 across america . closures far outpaced newly opened abortion facilities in 2017 . in all , 49 abortion facilities 35 surgical and 14 medication only clinics closed or halted abortion services . only eight new surgical abortion facilities were opened , along with 11 new medication abortion facilities , she said . read the tested and proven strategies to defeat the abortion cartel , in abortion free : your manual for building a pro - life america one community at a time . there was also some movement between categories . fourteen surgical abortion facilities now only conduct medication abortions , while five medication abortion facilities added surgical abortions . these encouraging statistics and more were verified through an annual survey of abortion facilities conducted by operation rescue staff , this year with the assistance of abortion free new mexico , her report said . operation rescue s annual surveys provide the most complete and accurate picture of abortion facilities available straight from the horse s mouth , said troy newman , president of operation rescue . he also was a founding member of the board of the center for medical progress , which did the undercover videos . cmp continues fighting in court for the right to provide all of its information to the public . the report said each facility was contacted directly , with abortionists providing the information about the availability of abortion , the prices and more . in 2017 , there are 704 abortion facilities remaining in the u . s . of these , 490 offer surgical abortions , often along with medication abortions . there are 214 facilities that offer only medication abortions , the report said . forty - five percent of all states had at least one abortion facility that closed or halted all abortion services this year . surgical abortion clinics decreased in number by 26 percent since 2009 , the first year operation rescue began keeping records . overall , there has been a 17 percent decrease in the total number of abortion facilities in america since 2009 . since 1991 , when there were 2 , 176 active surgical abortion facilities , only 23 percent of that number of surgical clinics are operating today . the so - called pill mills , which offer abortions through drugs only , held steady form in 2016 . planned parenthood reduced its number of abortion facilities by consolidating services into fewer locations . in 2016 , planned parenthood operated 354 facilities that conducted abortions . today , there are a total of 347 planned parenthood facilities that offer abortions . of those , 160 are surgical abortion facilities , and 187 provide only medication abortions , the report said . planned parenthood now accounts for just under half of all abortion facilities in the nation . some of the facilities that reopened were in texas , where a law had mandated their closure . however , the u . s . supreme court , which created the right to abortion in the 1973 roe v . wade case , canceled some of the restrictions texans had adopted . however , 17 of the original 20 abortion businesses that had closed remain closed , the report said . among the notable closures was one in maryland run by late - term abortionist leroy carhart , robert santella s business in san diego , california , and a planned parenthood in silver spring , maryland . earlier , the fbi s assistant director of the office of congressional affairs , gregory brower , told the chairman of the senate judiciary committee , sen . chuck grassley , r - iowa , the fbi received the committee s criminal referrals of planned parenthood and is reviewing its recommendations , according to the nonprofit legal group liberty counsel . liberty counsel is representing one of the undercover videographers , sandra merritt , who captured planned parenthood executives talking about the trade . the letter to grassley was delivered during the summer but was never publicized by the judiciary committee , liberty counsel said . we can confirm the criminal investigative division ( cid ) of fbi headquarters received your referrals and sent them to the relevant fbi field offices for review , the letter said , and whatever action that is deemed appropriate . should the field offices have any questions pertaining to findings with the majority staff report , they will be certain to contact your office . liberty counsel noted the senate judiciary committee and the u . s . house select panel on infant lives both opened investigations into the abortion industry after the center for medical progress first exposed the baby - body - parts trade in 2015 . late last year , both committees concluded their investigations by recommending that the fbi investigate and potentially file criminal charges against planned parenthood . one of the videos showed an official admitting planned parenthood sells fully intact aborted babies . crushing babies in the first undercover video released by cmp , deborah nucatola of planned parenthood commented on crushing babies . we ve been very good at getting heart , lung , liver , because we know that , so i m not gonna crush that part , i m gonna basically crush below , i m gonna crush above , and i m gonna see if i can get it all intact , she said . see the first video : in the second video , planned parenthood s mary gatter discussed how her compensation for organs could rise when she said , i want a lamborghini . see her comments : the fifth video released shows melissa farrell of planned parenthood s houston clinic discussing intact fetal cadavers . the seventh video has the testimony of a planned parenthood worker who tapped an aborted infant s heart and saw it start beating . wnd reported when a planned parenthood - linked judge in california , william orrick iii , censored the latest undercover video that was released . his presence in the case now has been challenged as unethical . even news outlets not party to the case were barred from posting the video . wnd , however , transcribed for its readers the comments of the abortion - industry figures . lisa harris , medical director for planned parenthood of michigan , says in the video : our stories don t really have a place in a lot of pro - choice discourse and rhetoric , right the heads that get stuck that we can t get out . the hemorrhages that we manage . susan robinson of planned parenthood of mar monte in san jose , california : the fetus is a tough little object and taking it apart , i mean taking it apart , on day one is very difficult . talcott camp , deputy director of the american civil liberties union s reproductive health freedom project : i m like oh my god i get it when the skull is broken , that s really sharp . i get it , i understand why people are talking about getting that skull out , that calvarium . deborah nucatola , senior director of medical services at planned parenthood federation of america : you know , sometimes she ll tell me she wants brain , and we ll , you know , leave the calvarium in til last , and then try to basically take it , or actually , you know , catch everything , and even keep it separate from the rest of the tissue so it doesn t get lost . uta landy , founder of the consortium of abortion providers for planned parenthood : an eyeball just fell down into my lap , and that is gross . her comment was followed by raucous laughter from the abortionists at the meeting of the national abortion federation , where the undercover video was taken . the video was the work of the center for medical progress , which since 2015 has released more than a dozen videos of abortionists . most of the videos have been released to the public , but the national abortion federation went to court demanding that videos of its members speaking be removed from the web . there were other notable comments in the videos . ann schutt - aine of planned parenthood of the gulf coast : if i m doing a procedure , and i m seeing that i m in fear that it s about to come to the umbilicus , i might ask for a second set of forceps to hold the body at the cervix , and pull off a leg , or two , so it s not pba ( partial - birth abortion ) . harris again : given that we actually see the fetus the same , and given that we might actually both agree that there s violence in here , ask me why i come to work every day . let s just give them all the violence , it s a person , it s killing , let s just give them all that . susan robinson of planned parenthood mar monte : you go in there , and you go , am i getting the uterus , or the fetus oh good fetus . what have i got . nothing . let s try again . ' leslie drummond of planned parenthood mar monte : i get a lot of oohs and aahs from stemex ( press ) you know , they re wanting livers . last week i was in sacramento and she said , i need four intact limbs and i said you want what ' paul blumenthal , planned parenthood of maryland : i know planned parenthood sells a lot of stuff ( fetal organs ) to people . deb vanderhei of the consortium of abortion providers : but the truth is that some might want to do it for , to increase their revenues . and we can t stop them . read the tested and proven strategies to defeat the abortion cartel , in abortion free : your manual for building a pro - life america one community at a time .
you probably can understand the latest social media move by planned parenthood of indiana and kentucky . after all , the organization nationwide is under investigation and pressure for its baby body parts trade revealed in a series of undercover videos . but saying on twitter , abortion is health care nine times in a row was bound to get a response . and it did . not for the baby , responded sandy , five times . no it is not , wrote sconsin , nine times . twitchy monitored the abortionists comment : abortion is health care abortion is health care abortion is health care abortion is health care abortion is health care abortion is health care abortion is health care abortion is health care abortion is health care planned parenthood ( ppindkentucky ) december 29 , 2017 if you re among those who don t believe that abortion is health care , planned parenthood of indiana and kentucky hopes that repeating that several times might change your mind , said twitchy . i m sure the baby would say it doesn t fit this defeinition , said terry weems , citing the definition as the maintenance and improvement of physical and mental health , especially through the provision of medical services . rebecca mccaleb said , last time i checked a baby was not a illness or injury . and i m pretty sure care is to protect . so no cutting a baby into pieces and severing their spinal cord is doing neither of those things . it s even more maddening after remembering abortion is health care comes from the same side that accuses republicans of not caring about the most vulnerable among us , added twitchy , which noted that the national abortion rights action league was posting the same statements online . that planned parenthood may have reason to be getting a little more frantic became evident only days earlier . that was when the orange county , california , district attorney s office announced that two baby - body - parts dealers investigated after a series of undercover videos about the abortion industry s profits on fetal tissue had been ordered to close down . the companies are dv biologics and davinci biosciences . they must permanently close and cease all operations in the state of california within 60 and 120 days , respectively , pay a settlement amount of 7 , 785 , 000 through the donation of assets and biological materials to a non - profit academic and scientific teaching institution affiliated with a major u . s . medical school , and pay 195 , 000 in civil penalties , explained a statement from the office of district attorney tony rackauckas about a settlement in the case . the companies were identified in undercover videos released in 2015 by the center for medical progress which identified abortion - industry players , including those at planned parenthood , negotiating for pieces of the bodies of unborn infants killed through abortion . the ocda opened its investigation based on a complaint submitted by the cmp and , based on the evidence uncovered , filed a complaint for violations for unlawful , unfair , and fraudulent business practices in the superior court in the state of california in orange county . wnd reported the details from the videos have been turned over to the department of justice , which confirmed in a letter to sen . chuck grassley , r - iowa , the chairman of the senate judiciary committee , that an investigation was under way into potential criminal violations . committees in both houses of congress had reviewed the undercover videos and recommended prosecutions . the response to the revelations of the horrific practices and attitudes one abortionist supported her desire for more money because because i want a lamborghini prompted states to defund the businesses , and that same proposal is pending in congress . abortionists reacted by obtaining from an abortion - linked judge a censorship order for a few of the videos , and they also sued the undercover investigators for violating the abortionists privacy during their meetings in public locations . liberty counsel has been defending one of the undercover videographers , sandra merritt . the lawsuit by the orange county prosecutor began with the report generated by the house select committee investigating planned parenthood , said mat staver , founder of liberty counsel . now that the department of justice has picked up the investigation of planned parenthood , it is time for the source that trafficked in baby body parts to also face justice . these despicable acts by these companies and their owners underscores why our client sandra susan merritt should be applauded for revealing the seedy underbelly of planned parenthood . the prosecutor in orange county explained the defendant companies back in 2009 decided to go for a revenue - driven unit selling products derived from the cells and tissues they were already collecting , processing , storing and using for research purposes . they hired marketing consultants , created a catalog , developed marketing materials , advertised fetal brain tissue for as high as 1 , 100 a vial and promoted 25 off discounts at various times . between 2009 and 2011 , the defendants nearly tripled sales revenues , the da said , by unlawfully selling fetal - derived products to pharmaceutical companies and academic instittuions around the world . customers came from japan , china , singapore , korea , germany , switzerland , spain , australia , netherlands , canada and the united kingdom . by 2012 they had an inventory of much greater than 4 . 4 million . the companies own documents revealed they concluded 1 , 000 gross [ profit ] does not seem unreasonable . but federal law forbids exchanging or transferring human tissue for valuable consideration and state law says essentially the same . the da s statement continued : there is a societal belief that rejects commercialization of human organs and tissues and tolerates only an altruistic system of voluntary donation . thus , any such commerce is generally seen as revolting . ' liberty counsel explained : dv biologics and davinci biosciences are owned by andres isaias , who is a part of an internationally known crime family . his uncles , roberto isaias and william isaias , were convicted and sentenced in ecuador for driving their bank into the ground and then using false documents to get a government bailout . their fraud cost the country 661 . 5 million dollars and more than 200 million in assets were not recovered . the group continued : however , rather than roberto and william serving eight years in prison , the extended family made 320 , 000 in political donations between 2010 - 2014 . the vast majority of which went to democrat candidates , including 90 , 000 to president obama s re - election campaign . they sought asylum in america with their extended families , and their immigration received expedited treatment from the hillary clinton - led state department . hillary clinton s state department actively fought ecuador s requests to deport the brothers , according to the new york times . up to now , many extended family members were involved in these companies . when the doj investigation was confirmed earlier , troy newman , president of operation rescue and a cmp board member , said , it is gratifying to learn that a criminal investigation of the nation s largest abortion merchant is under way . wnd reported in october the fbi said it was reviewing the recommendations of two congressional committees to investigate evidence of planned parenthood s trade in the body parts of unborn children . read the tested and proven strategies to defeat the abortion cartel , in abortion free : your manual for building a pro - life america one community at a time . liberty counsel noted the senate judiciary committee and the u . s . house select panel on infant lives both opened investigations into the abortion industry after cmp first exposed the baby - body - parts trade in 2015 . late last year , both committees concluded their investigations by recommending that the fbi investigate and potentially file criminal charges against planned parenthood . true face of planned parenthood the letter from justice department assistant attorney general for legislative affairs stephen boyd verified a criminal investigation was ongoing . as a co - founder of the center for medical progress , i am very proud our work in exposing planned parenthood s criminal conduct , said newman . the videos show the true face of planned parenthood ; one that is obsessed with exploiting every possible profit stream from their abortion business at the expense of the women they purport to serve , newman continued . greed , deception , and exploitation of the vulnerable are all hallmarks of planned parenthood s nefarious activities . newman and other cmp members continue to fight federal lawsuits filed by planned parenthood and the national abortion federation , which won an injunction to halt the release of further videos and barred the sharing of videos with law enforcement officials even if they contained evidence of crimes . cmp founder david daleiden said : over two years ago , citizen journalists at the center for medical progress first caught planned parenthood s top abortion doctors in a series of undercover videos callously and flippantly negotiating the sale of tiny baby hearts , lungs , livers , and brains . since then , two congressional investigations found even deeper wrongdoing and confirmed that planned parenthood federation of america , several of their biggest affiliates , and multiple business partners broke the law in a profit - driven scheme to commodify dismembered baby body parts . it is time for public officials to finally hold planned parenthood and their criminal abortion enterprise accountable under the law . because the obama administration was in the white house at the time the congressional referrals were made , nothing was done , and the reviews have only begun under the trump administration . one of the videos showed an official admitting planned parenthood sells fully intact aborted babies . crushing babies in the first undercover video released by cmp , deborah nucatola of planned parenthood commented on crushing babies . we ve been very good at getting heart , lung , liver , because we know that , so i m not gonna crush that part , i m gonna basically crush below , i m gonna crush above , and i m gonna see if i can get it all intact , she said . see the first video : in the second video , planned parenthood s mary gatter discussed how her compensation for organs could rise when she said , i want a lamborghini . see her comments : the fifth video released shows melissa farrell of planned parenthood s houston clinic discussing intact fetal cadavers . the seventh video has the testimony of a planned parenthood worker who tapped an aborted infant s heart and saw it start beating . wnd reported when a planned parenthood - linked judge in california , william orrick iii , censored the latest undercover video that was released . even news outlets not party to the case were barred from posting the video . wnd , however , transcribed for its readers the comments of the abortion - industry figures . lisa harris , medical director for planned parenthood of michigan , says in the video : our stories don t really have a place in a lot of pro - choice discourse and rhetoric , right the heads that get stuck that we can t get out . the hemorrhages that we manage . susan robinson of planned parenthood of mar monte in san jose , california : the fetus is a tough little object and taking it apart , i mean taking it apart , on day one is very difficult . talcott camp , deputy director of the american civil liberties union s reproductive health freedom project : i m like oh my god i get it when the skull is broken , that s really sharp . i get it , i understand why people are talking about getting that skull out , that calvarium . deborah nucatola , senior director of medical services at planned parenthood federation of america : you know , sometimes she ll tell me she wants brain , and we ll , you know , leave the calvarium in til last , and then try to basically take it , or actually , you know , catch everything , and even keep it separate from the rest of the tissue so it doesn t get lost . uta landy , founder of the consortium of abortion providers for planned parenthood : an eyeball just fell down into my lap , and that is gross . her comment was followed by raucous laughter from the abortionists at the meeting of the national abortion federation , where the undercover video was taken . the video was the work of the center for medical progress , which since 2015 has released more than a dozen videos of abortionists . most of the videos have been released to the public , but the national abortion federation went to court demanding that videos of its members speaking be removed from the web . there were other notable comments in the videos . ann schutt - aine of planned parenthood of the gulf coast : if i m doing a procedure , and i m seeing that i m in fear that it s about to come to the umbilicus , i might ask for a second set of forceps to hold the body at the cervix , and pull off a leg , or two , so it s not pba ( partial - birth abortion ) . harris again : given that we actually see the fetus the same , and given that we might actually both agree that there s violence in here , ask me why i come to work every day . let s just give them all the violence , it s a person , it s killing , let s just give them all that . susan robinson of planned parenthood mar monte : you go in there , and you go , am i getting the uterus , or the fetus oh good fetus . what have i got . nothing . let s try again . ' leslie drummond of planned parenthood mar monte : i get a lot of oohs and aahs from stemex ( press ) you know , they re wanting livers . last week i was in sacramento and she said , i need four intact limbs and i said you want what ' paul blumenthal , planned parenthood of maryland : i know planned parenthood sells a lot of stuff ( fetal organs ) to people . deb vanderhei of the consortium of abortion providers : but the truth is that some might want to do it for , to increase their revenues . and we can t stop them . read the tested and proven strategies to defeat the abortion cartel , in abortion free : your manual for building a pro - life america one community at a time .
after several years of various courts forcing christian pregnancy centers and counseling groups to promote abortion even though it violates their faith it appears the tide is turning . the fourth circuit court of appeals friday struck down a baltimore ordinance that required pregnancy centers to post notices that conspicuously state in english and spanish that they do not provide nor refer women for abortions or birth control services . the appeals court found that the ordinance violates the free speech clause of the first amendment . the opinion said : the compelled speech at issue here raises particularly troubling first amendment concerns . at bottom , the disclaimer portrays abortion as one among a menu of morally equivalent choices . while that may be the city s view , it is not the center s . the ruling also found the ordinance was an impermissible attempt by baltimore officials to use compelled speech as a weapon to run its ideological foes into the ground . read the tested and proven strategies to defeat the abortion cartel , in abortion free : your manual for building a pro - life america one community at a time . liberty counsel represents three additional pro - life crisis pregnancy centers that have been fighting the same battle in california , and the supreme court has agreed to hear national institute of family and life advocates v . becerra . it s one of multiple cases brought by crisis pregnancy centers challenging the california requirement to promote abortion . when that case is decided , it will apply nationwide . it was the ninth circuit in california , the most overturned appeals court in the country , that validated the law in that state . the fourth circuit found that baltimore has considerable latitude in regulating public health and deceptive advertising . but that doesn t apply in this case , the judges said . baltimore s chosen means here are too loose to fit with those ends , and in this case compel a politically and religiously motivated group to convey a message fundamentally at odds with its core beliefs and mission . the case was brought by the greater baltimore center for pregnancy concerns . its position had been upheld earlier , at the district court level , but the city continued trying to force the organization to carry the message it demanded . the district court had found the ordinance violated the free speech clause because it was not narrowly tailored to accomplish a compelling government interest . that ruling found the city imposed a rule that regulates noncommercial speech and is content - based . the appeals ruling said the city s message is antithetical to the very moral , religious , and ideological reasons the center exists . it continued : states must have room for reasonable regulation . but there is a limit to how much they can dictate core beliefs . this court has in the past struck down attempts to compel speech from abortion providers . and today we do the same with regard to compelling speech from abortion foes . we are committed to serving women in need in a way that respects their choices , comforts them in a difficult time and is in line with our mission , said carol clews , executive director of the center for pregnancy concerns . this court ruling means that we can do our job and the government can t tell us what to say or how to say it . the center helps nearly 10 , 000 women a year who face unplanned pregnancies with pregnancy tests , baby and maternity clothes , parenting classes and job placement . wnd reported last summer a federal judge in illinois came to the same conclusion . u . s . district judge frederick kapala determined an amendment to the state s health care laws likely will be overturned when the issue comes to trial . he issued a temporary injunction preventing the law s enforcement until the case is concluded . the amended act targets the free speech rights of people who have a specific viewpoint , he wrote . the law would require doctors and pregnancy care centers , even those that are pro - life , to promote abortion . the government is out of line when it attempts to force americans to communicate a message that is contrary to their most deeply held beliefs , said alliance defending freedom legal counsel elissa graves . in addition , the state shouldn t be robbing women of the freedom to choose a pro - life doctor by mandating that pro - life physicians and entities make or arrange abortion referrals . the court was right to halt enforcement of this law while our lawsuit proceeds . it s not a new dispute . wnd reported in 2014 on almost identical arguments in montgomery county , maryland , where an appeals court decided against rules that would restrict the speech of pregnancy centers . related cases also have developed in new york and austin , texas . the new jersey case arose when abortion advocates in the government decided to require pro - life pregnancy centers that offer advice , diapers and other help to mothers - to - be to post a sign advising women to go to another clinic for help . the push for the mandatory signs came from county officials who adopted the demands of pro - abortion interests such as the national abortion rights action league . but as u . s . district judge deborah chasenow found there , there was no evidence that such signs were needed . even assuming that [ pro - life ] centers are presenting themselves as medical providers and thus pregnant women are accepting their misinformation as sound medical advice , the county must still demonstrate the next supposition on the logical chain : that these practices are having the effect of harming the health of pregnant women , the judge wrote in banning the county from imposing its signage requirement . the judge said the county has failed this task . read the tested and proven strategies to defeat the abortion cartel in abortion free : your manual for building a pro - life america one community at a time .
calling incumbent illinois republican gov . bruce rauner a failed governor , conservative state rep . jeanne ives says she cannot leave the gop field to a man who broke countless promises and ended up doing the bidding of chicago democrats . ives , a west point graduate and u . s . army veteran , was first elected to the illinois house of representatives in 2012 . the gop primary in illinois is march 20 . rauner was elected in 2014 on a platform of reforming government in illinois and seriously addressing the state s looming fiscal crisis . instead , he is branded now by national review as the worst republican governor in america , after raising taxes instead of cutting them , signing a bill that forbids law enforcement from checking the immigration status of people they stop , and enacting taxpayer - funded abortion in the state . let s be clear . gov . rauner is a failed governor . he s specifically a failed republican governor , which is why i m challenging him , said ives . she says one issue in particular triggered her primary challenge . the tipping point really became when he signed taxpayer funding of abortion , because that s the point at which i started to get calls from colleagues and other republicans around the state saying , we do not want him to run unopposed . we need someone else to stand up for us , ' said ives . rauner tries to downplay the abortion bill by saying the party is a big tent and he has supported pro - life candidates in the past . ives says all republicans in springfield , regardless of their position on abortion , were appalled by rauner s actions . no republican , even republicans who consider themselves pro - choice in our legislature , none of us signed on for taxpayer funding of abortion . none of us did . he told us he was going to veto that bill and then did not and decided to sign it anyway , based on his wife being very pro - choice and based on his own propensity of being pro - choice , said ives . understand what makes a liberal tick . the liberal mind : the psychological causes of political madness , by dr . lyle rossiter explains it all . he enacted with that bill the economic agenda and the social agenda of the chicago democrats , rather than a republican conservative reform agenda , added ives . in addition to the moral revulsion of rauner s support for the abortion legislation , ives says the governor saddled illinois taxpayers with another massive tax bill . he lied to us . he betrayed who we are as republicans and he put in a brand new entitlement program in a state that it literally bankrupt . nobody does that , said ives . rauner also took a lot of heat from the right for failing to stop democrats from pushing new tax increases into law when the state s budget was in limbo last year . the governor said people need to realize he does not run illinois and that democratic house speaker mike madigan is actually more powerful than he is . ives finds that excuse revolting . he needs to resign over that comment , quite frankly . the idea that the governor says , i m not in charge . are you kidding me it just tells you where he is in terms of his fight and his stance . that s just nonsense , said ives . democrats do enjoy large majorities in the state legislature , including a 67 - 51 margin in the state house and a 37 - 22 edge in the state senate . however , ives says rauner needed to do more to get democrats to join him in doing the things he promised in 2014 . there s much you can do in terms of turning the state around and getting the buy - in from the legislators to do that , and gov . rauner just didn t do that . he picked a personal fight with our longtime serving speaker of the house mike madigan , who does wield a lot of control . however , he didn t build the coalitions that would make the bills possible for a turnaround , said ives . so how would ives be different the interview : we re just the worst - run state in the nation . we need to reverse course on nearly every policy . we need policy revolution and i m ready to lead that revolt , said ives , who says she knows where she would start . we ll go after public corruption . corruption is an everyday event in the state of illinois and it is something that the executive is charged to deal with , which is enforce our laws . we re all about spending reform . look , illinois pensions are the worst in the nation and it s crowding out all the other services we need to spend money on , said ives . ives says the pension bubble is a major problem at both the state and local levels , and old methods of kicking the can down the road won t work anymore . chicago s got a huge , massive balloon payment due that s going to nearly double its pension costs by 2023 . that s an extra billion dollars that they don t have and can t find because they ve already raised taxes and fees to the hilt , said ives , who says chicago pensions are only 20 percent funded . unlike rauner , ives says she s ready to engage in talks with democrats to fend off the crisis . we have a very powerful governorship , we just have a weak man in it . he didn t want to take on the fights that needed to be taken on after a while and he just got beaten down . time for new leadership . time for someone who s willing to win the conversation and actually do the work to lead this state , said ives . understand what makes a liberal tick . the liberal mind : the psychological causes of political madness , by dr . lyle rossiter explains it all . she says that approach is the only hope for illinois to stay solvent . we ve had the worst job growth in the nation . we ve had the worst income growth in the nation . we lead in out migration because our taxes are too high . i got involved in politics for economic reasons , so we re going to focus in on the economic stuff , she said . if she can win the nomination , ives would then run statewide in a deep blue state come november most likely against billionaire j . b . pritzker . so how would ives convince voters with democratic instincts to give her a chance . most people think that j . b . pritzker will be the democratic nominee because he s supported by mike madigan . i think that s a losing ticket for illinois . i think you re going to have a lot of disaffected democrats not vote for that ticket and instead look for a reformer , look for somebody who s actually got a record of leading a revolt and speaking out on behalf of taxpayers and working across the aisle when the legislation is good , said ives . first , however , ives needs to knock off another another billionaire in rauner . the battle is even more uphill with the state republicans squarely in rauner s corner . they want to stick with rauner because he s got so much money that he can feed the rest of the legislative races . i think that s all just a bunch of junk . it s gov . rauner who cannot win in 2018 . nobody is going to re - elect him in 2018 and that s a bipartisan feel , said ives . ives says the energy behind her campaign is palpable , as she acquired 16 , 000 petition signatures without spending any money . there are no recent polls of the race . one from several weeks ago shows rauner up double figures but below 50 percent among republicans . ives believes the race is now neck - and - neck and thinks the trust issue will determine the nominee . he may have a lot of name id but it s negative and you cannot buy back trust after betrayal . rauner has betrayed our party . his base is no longer with him . he can t win in 2018 , which is why republicans deserve an alternative , and an alternative to hiring a plutocrat like pritzker for the job too , said ives .
a deadline set by the u . s . supreme court is looming for abortionists to justify their demand that an undercover video of their comments about their business even their jokes be censored . it could be called a d - day , since the case centers on the work of david dalieden , founder of the center for medical progress . his group went undercover into planned parenthood , national abortion federation and other events and caught on camera abortionists negotiating for higher pay for the body parts of unborn children . one planned parenthood executive famously insisted on higher pay because , i want a lamborghini . the thomas more society , one of several groups that has defended dalieden and his co - worker in the undercover videos , sandra merritt , noted this week the clock is ticking down to january 26 , 2018 , which is the extended deadline for the national abortion federation to file a response to the petition filed by the legal team representing undercover journalist david daleiden with the united states supreme court . the report explains daleiden has petitioned the high court to review and reverse a ninth circuit court of appeals decision affirming judge william orrick s gag order that prohibits daleiden from releasing videos he took at national abortion federation conferences . more than a dozen other videos already have been released , and the naf video was online for a brief moment before a planned parenthood - linked federal judge , who refused to take himself off the case , issued an order suppressing it . in the censored video , susan robinson of planned parenthood of mar monte in san jose , california said : the fetus is a tough little object and taking it apart , i mean taking it apart , on day one is very difficult . and talcott camp , deputy director of the american civil liberties union s reproductive health freedom project remarked : i m like , oh my god i get it when the skull is broken , that s really sharp . i get it , i understand why people are talking about getting that skull out , that calvarium . deborah nucatola , senior director of medical services at planned parenthood federation of america said : you know , sometimes she ll tell me she wants brain , and we ll , you know , leave the calvarium in til last , and then try to basically take it , or actually , you know , catch everything , and even keep it separate from the rest of the tissue so it doesn t get lost . even the federal judge who suppressed the information , william orrick admitted the immense public interest at stake in the tapes . i also recognize that this case impinges on defendants rights to speech and the public s equally important interest in hearing that speech , he said . he was linked to planned parenthood through a community organization he supported that worked to provide benefits to the abortion - industry giant . the thomas more society filed a petition to the supreme court in august , asking the justices to reverse orrick s order censoring the video from the naf event . naf at first refused to respond . peter breen , thomas more society special counsel , explained : when a case is deemed significant enough to be filed with the supreme court , it is customary and expected that the opposition will file a written response . by not doing so in this case , the national abortion federation tried to signal that they didn t believe the case was worthy of a response . the supreme court disagreed , and ordered the national abortion federation to file a formal , written response . he said the information in the video is important to the public . this injunction only serves to conceal from the public important and incriminating information about planned parenthood s trafficking of the body parts and organs of dismembered children , children from whose intentional death they have already profited . the arguments before the court include that no federal court has ever upheld a prior restraint order to conceal speech of overwhelming public interest . not , at least , until orrick s personal affiliations were benefited by his decision . the layers of injustice here are manifold , explained breen . there is injustice toward mr . daleiden impeding his freedom of speech and his ability to share serious information regarding a matter of public safety and disclosing illegal activity . there is injustice to the public , who has a right to know about the criminal behavior of planned parenthood which receives hundreds of millions of dollars of taxpayer funds and is under investigation by the united states department of justice . finally , there is the grave injustice to the unborn children , whose very bodies are being sold as if they were livestock . wnd reported when the supreme court ordered naf to respond . on the suppressed video , lisa harris , medical director for planned parenthood of michigan , said : our stories don t really have a place in a lot of pro - choice discourse and rhetoric , right the heads that get stuck that we can t get out . the hemorrhages that we manage . read the tested and proven strategies to defeat the abortion cartel , abortion free : your manual for building a pro - life america one community at a time . she continued : given that we actually see the fetus the same , and given that we might actually both agree that there s violence in here , ask me why i come to work every day . let s just give them all the violence , it s a person , it s killing , let s just give them all that . orrick has had a longstanding relationship with the good samaritan family resource center in san francisco , where he helped open and fund a planned parenthood clinic inside the center . the exposure of planned parenthood s fetal - tissue trade through daleiden s work has caused considerable furor , with multiple states withdrawing funding . federal agents also now are investigating at the recommendation of several committees in congress . one of the cmp videos shows an official admitting planned parenthood sells fully intact aborted babies . another has nucatola commenting on crushing babies . we ve been very good at getting heart , lung , liver , because we know that , so i m not gonna crush that part , i m gonna basically crush below , i m gonna crush above , and i m gonna see if i can get it all intact , she said . in the second video , planned parenthood s mary gatter discusses how her compensation for organs could rise when she said , i want a lamborghini . the fifth video released shows melissa farrell of planned parenthood s houston clinic discussing intact fetal cadavers : the seventh video has the testimony of a planned parenthood worker who tapped an aborted infant s heart and saw it start beating .
president trump friday became the first sitting president to address the pro - life march for life , which was holding its 45 th event since the creation by the u . s . supreme court in 1973 of the right to abortion in its roe v . wade decision . he was speaking to a crowd at the rose garden at the white house , but his remarks were broadcast to the nearby national mall , where an estimated 100 , 000 gathered to mark and mourn the advent of legalized abortion in america . since 1973 , abortion has killed an estimated 60 million unborn children . pro - life efforts are gaining momentum in the trump era , with congressional plans to eliminate the roughly half a billion dollars that american taxpayers give annually to the abortion industry s leading player , planned parenthood . that move comes as federal authorities probe planned parenthood and other abortion interests over a series of undercover videos capturing industry executives arguing for higher prices for the body parts of unborn babies they salvage and then sell for research . at the rally , the focus by vice president mike pence , as with trump , was on the positive , however . life is winning in america because loves saves lives , pence said , referencing the 2018 march theme in his introduction of the president . know as you march for life your compassion , persistent , your activism and your prayers are saving lives , he said . this pro - life generation should never doubt we are with you . trump continued the theme . we know that life is the great miracle of all , he opened . because of you tens of thousands of americans have been born and reached their full god - given potential . he pointed out that these days , only 12 percent of americans support abortion on demand at any time . we will always defend the very first right in the declaration of independence . that is the right to life , he said . he noted his decision to reinstate the mexico city policy , which bans taxpayer funding of overseas abortions , his support for the movement in congress to ban abortion once the unborn child is capable of pain and other moves to protect religious liberty . just this week he created an office on conscience rights to protect doctors and nurses , and reversed an obama rule that restricted state efforts to direct medicaid funding away from abortion facilities that violate the law . we are protecting the sanctity of life and the family as the foundation of our society , he said , a movement that can only succeed with the heart and the soul and the prayer of the people . he praised , and brought on stage , marianne donadio of room at the inn , a north carolina outreach for unwed mothers - to - be . she was unwed at 17 , had her son and noticed a need for help for those in that situation . she still works at the organization and has six children . jeanne mancini , president of march for life , said in a statement released by the organization , since his first day in office , president trump has remained steadfast on his campaign promises to the pro - life cause and has actively worked to protect the unborn . over the past year , the trump administration has significantly advanced pro - life policy , and it is with great confidence that , under his leadership , we expect to see other pro - life achievements in the years to come . we welcome our 45 th president , donald trump , to the 45 th annual march for life . trump said the most important gift is the gift of life itself . that is why we march . that is why we pray . that is why we declare america s future will be filled with goodness , love , peace and life for every child of god . hear trump : while the march was under way , the u . s . house adopted the born alive survivor s protection act , which requires appropriate medical care for any baby that survives an abortion attempt . the most recent move in the investigation into the abortion industry s baby body parts trade was reported just days ago . a deadline set by the u . s . supreme court is looming for abortionists to justify their demand that an undercover video of their comments about their business even their jokes be censored . david dalieden , founder of the center for medical progress , went undercover to planned parenthood , national abortion federation and other events and caught on camera abortionists negotiating for higher pay for the body parts of unborn children . one planned parenthood executive famously insisted on higher pay because , i want a lamborghini . the thomas more society , one of several groups that has defended daleiden and his co - worker in the undercover videos , sandra merritt , noted this week the clock is ticking down to january 26 , 2018 , which is the extended deadline for the national abortion federation to file a response to the petition filed by the legal team representing undercover journalist david daleiden with the united states supreme court . the report explains daleiden has petitioned the high court to review and reverse a ninth circuit court of appeals decision affirming judge william orrick s gag order that prohibits daleiden from releasing videos he took at national abortion federation conferences . more than a dozen other videos already have been released , and the naf video was online for a brief moment before a planned parenthood - linked federal judge , who refused to take himself off the case , issued an order suppressing it . in the censored video , susan robinson of planned parenthood of mar monte in san jose , california , said : the fetus is a tough little object and taking it apart , i mean taking it apart , on day one is very difficult . and talcott camp , deputy director of the american civil liberties union s reproductive health freedom project remarked : i m like , oh my god i get it when the skull is broken , that s really sharp . i get it , i understand why people are talking about getting that skull out , that calvarium . deborah nucatola , senior director of medical services at planned parenthood federation of america said : you know , sometimes she ll tell me she wants brain , and we ll , you know , leave the calvarium in til last , and then try to basically take it , or actually , you know , catch everything , and even keep it separate from the rest of the tissue so it doesn t get lost . even the federal judge who suppressed the information , william orrick , admitted the immense public interest at stake in the tapes . i also recognize that this case impinges on defendants rights to speech and the public s equally important interest in hearing that speech , he said . he was linked to planned parenthood through a community organization he supported that worked to provide benefits to the abortion - industry giant . the thomas more society filed a petition to the supreme court in august , asking the justices to reverse orrick s order censoring the video from the naf event . naf at first refused to respond . peter breen , thomas more society special counsel , explained : when a case is deemed significant enough to be filed with the supreme court , it is customary and expected that the opposition will file a written response . by not doing so in this case , the national abortion federation tried to signal that they didn t believe the case was worthy of a response . the supreme court disagreed , and ordered the national abortion federation to file a formal , written response . he said the information in the video is important to the public . this injunction only serves to conceal from the public important and incriminating information about planned parenthood s trafficking of the body parts and organs of dismembered children , children from whose intentional death they have already profited . the arguments before the court include that no federal court has ever upheld a prior restraint order to conceal speech of overwhelming public interest . not , at least , until orrick s personal affiliations were benefited by his decision . the layers of injustice here are manifold , explained breen . there is injustice toward mr . daleiden impeding his freedom of speech and his ability to share serious information regarding a matter of public safety and disclosing illegal activity . there is injustice to the public , who has a right to know about the criminal behavior of planned parenthood which receives hundreds of millions of dollars of taxpayer funds and is under investigation by the united states department of justice . finally , there is the grave injustice to the unborn children , whose very bodies are being sold as if they were livestock . wnd reported when the supreme court ordered naf to respond . on the suppressed video , lisa harris , medical director for planned parenthood of michigan , said : our stories don t really have a place in a lot of pro - choice discourse and rhetoric , right the heads that get stuck that we can t get out . the hemorrhages that we manage . read the tested and proven strategies to defeat the abortion cartel , abortion free : your manual for building a pro - life america one community at a time . she continued : given that we actually see the fetus the same , and given that we might actually both agree that there s violence in here , ask me why i come to work every day . let s just give them all the violence , it s a person , it s killing , let s just give them all that . orrick has had a longstanding relationship with the good samaritan family resource center in san francisco , where he helped open and fund a planned parenthood clinic inside the center . the exposure of planned parenthood s fetal - tissue trade through daleiden s work has caused considerable furor , with multiple states withdrawing funding . federal agents also now are investigating at the recommendation of several committees in congress . one of the cmp videos shows an official admitting planned parenthood sells fully intact aborted babies . another has nucatola commenting on crushing babies . we ve been very good at getting heart , lung , liver , because we know that , so i m not gonna crush that part , i m gonna basically crush below , i m gonna crush above , and i m gonna see if i can get it all intact , she said . in the second video , planned parenthood s mary gatter discusses how her compensation for organs could rise when she said , i want a lamborghini . the fifth video released shows melissa farrell of planned parenthood s houston clinic discussing intact fetal cadavers : the seventh video has the testimony of a planned parenthood worker who tapped an aborted infant s heart and saw it start beating .
for most of us , the death of a child is our worst nightmare . the sandy hook elementary school massacre was so singularly gut - wrenching because the victims were mostly young children . likewise , news reports about the boston marathon bombing emphasized the fact that , of the three people killed , one was an 8 - year - old boy as if to highlight the uniquely great loss of a child . in the world of crime , one of the most incomprehensible acts is baby murder . we re outraged at the widespread sex - selective infanticide of newborn girls in china . and news headlines like georgia boys face murder charges after cold - blooded killing of infant being strolled by mother and black teens murder white baby for the fun of it cause us to shake our heads and wonder , how could anyone possibly sink so low many murders of babies almost half , according to the justice department s national criminal justice reference service occur within the first 24 hours after birth , so - called neonaticide . of course , appalling crimes like these have always have been a part of life in this fallen world a world of good and evil , of decent and indecent people , where moral outrage is kindled within all good souls by the murder of the innocent . however , parallel to this moral , rational world exists yet another world an amoral , irrational one rooted in deepest denial , and constructed over several decades with great effort and ingenuity . we re talking about the realm of well , what shall we call it every official label abortion , choice , women s health , reproductive freedom , pregnancy termination , voluntary miscarriage is a fragile euphemism designed to obscure a dark reality . that reality , stated objectively , would be : the premeditated killing of human babies residing inside their mother . in this strange parallel world , the same killing of a baby that in the real world outrages us and results in prosecution , prison and possibly execution , is mysteriously transformed into a medical procedure and constitutional right , provided for and fiercely defended by a multi - billion - dollar industry and all the powers of government and funded by taxpayers . these two worlds collided spectacularly in the trial of philadelphia abortionist kermit gosnell . as everyone who followed the 2013 trial knows , gosnell s clinic , despite its dignified - sounding name , women s medical society , was actually a house of horrors more reminiscent of the nazi doctor josef mengele than a legitimate medical practice . here s the grand jury s summary : this case is about a doctor who killed babies and endangered women . what we mean is that he regularly and illegally delivered live , viable babies in the third trimester of pregnancy and then murdered these newborns by severing their spinal cords with scissors . the medical practice by which he carried out this business was a filthy fraud in which he overdosed his patients with dangerous drugs , spread venereal disease among them with infected instruments , perforated their wombs and bowels and , on at least two occasions , caused their deaths . the grand jury s report is horrifying not just for what it reveals about gosnell s crimes , but because it documents that a lot of what was later universally condemned about gosnell s abortion business had been known throughout the pennsylvania regulatory agencies for years but no one lifted a finger to stop it . the sun started to shine on all this when the case went to trial . eyewitness testimony painted an otherworldly picture of a nazi - like torture clinic , with one gosnell employee saying it would rain fetuses fetuses and blood all over the place , and another recalling one baby expelled alive into a toilet and observing the infant was like swimming and trying to get out . for a mainstream press overwhelmingly skewed toward reproductive rights , it was stunning when top news organizations from the new york times to the washington post suddenly proclaimed their outrage over gosnell s abortion crimes and the lack of news coverage . infant beheadings . severed baby feet in jars . a child screaming after it was delivered alive during an abortion procedure , wrote liberal democrat and fox news contributor kirsten powers in an impassioned and widely read usa today column . haven t heard about these sickening accusations it s not your fault , she explained : since the murder trial of pennsylvania abortion doctor kermit gosnell began march 18 , there has been precious little coverage of the case that should be on every news show and front page . the revolting revelations of gosnell s former staff , who have been testifying to what they witnessed and did during late - term abortions , should shock anyone with a heart . likewise , the atlantic , as mainstream and elite as media organizations get , headlined its report decrying lack of national press coverage , why dr . kermit gosnell s trial should be a front - page story . its dramatic sub - headline summarized the whole sordid tale : the dead babies . the exploited women . the racism . the numerous governmental failures . it is thoroughly newsworthy . there was just one problem with this journalistic outrage over gosnell s abortion crimes : virtually everything gosnell was accused of doing occurs routinely in other abortion clinics throughout america . everything . routinely . the dead babies , intoned the atlantic s headline . yes , the dead babies close to 60 million of them so far since roe v . wade , including hundreds of thousands of late - term abortions just like those babies murdered by gosnell and his employees . the exploited women . sorry , but exploiting women scaring and pressuring them , pretending to care about them so they ll buy the abortion , withholding life - and - death medical information about both the unborn child s development and the adverse physical and psychological consequences for the mother , essentially conning them from start to finish is the central operating principle of the abortion industry . if women were counseled with absolute honesty , candor and full disclosure , the number of abortions would plunge overnight . moreover , abortionists routine exploitation of women when the procedure goes awry , as it often does , has resulted in death for many and permanent injury , trauma , sterility and soul - scarring heartache for countless more . the racism . the left - leaning press , which somehow is more offended by racism than almost anything else in this life , complained about gosnell s racist double standard in treating poor minority women worse than he treated rich white women from the suburbs . reality check : the abortion industry is one of the most racist enterprises in the western world . margaret sanger , founder of the nation s no . 1 abortion provider , planned parenthood , was an unapologetic racist and eugenics proponent who openly advocated for discouraging blacks and other inferior races from breeding . to this day , u . s . abortion clinics are set up predominately in areas with a disproportionately high black population , a fact documented repeatedly over the years . the numerous governmental failures . seriously it s not just the failures of the pennsylvania regulatory authorities . government at all levels , but especially at the federal level , for decades has overtly supported , enabled and protected the abortion industry in myriad ways ranging from providing taxpayer support to enacting laws prohibiting pro - life protesters from congregating anywhere near abortion clinics , legislation flagrantly violating the first amendment s right to assemble . so , asked mark crutcher , founder and president of the denton , texas - based organization life dynamics , why is everyone so upset over kermit gosnell along with other pro - life activist groups engaged in undercover work like operation rescue and live action , life dynamics has long specialized in exposing criminal abortionists . for years , crutcher told me during the gosnell trial , we ve exposed one criminal abortionist after the other . but abortion proponents always say the offender is just a bad apple and an aberration . but when we expose hundreds of similar offenders , every one of them is still just a bad apple in a barrel of good apples . at what point do we realize they re all bad apples one chapter of crutcher s book , lime 5 : exploited by choice , details three - dozen cases of abortionists ( and references many more ) who raped or otherwise sexually molested their patients . one of the abortion doctors , called a predator in a white coat by california s deputy attorney general , was accused of sexually assaulting more than 160 women . morally irreconcilable the collision of these two warring worlds in the gosnell case the real world where killing a baby is a capital crime , and the dream world where killing the exact same baby at the exact same age is a woman s fundamental right forces us to confront a peculiar question : where did the killing occur understand , the babies gosnell was convicted of murdering were no older , larger , more viable , more human or more precious than other late - term babies aborted routinely over the past 40 years . it s just that gosnell pulled them out of their mother before killing them . had he done exactly the same horrendous things ( like snipping infants spinal cords ) while the baby was still inside the mother , many who today express horror would have regarded it as just another late - term women s health procedure that mother and doctor determined to be in her best interest . how is this possible aside from legal restrictions imposed ( but routinely ignored ) by a few states , abortion in america under roe v . wade is legal from the moment of conception until the moment of birth , if the mother s life or health is determined to be endangered . and health here s the giant loophole is broadly interpreted to include both physical and mental health . that means late - term abortionists ( with a cooperating second doctor ) can , and routinely do , sign authorization forms claiming the mother risks becoming , oh let s just say , depressed if denied the procedure or therapy . to her credit , powers forthrightly confronted this now - institutionalized mass delusion : [ w ] hether gosnell was killing the infants one second after they left the womb instead of partially inside or completely inside the womb as in a routine late - term abortion is merely a matter of geography . that one is murder and the other is a legal procedure is morally irreconcilable . the existence of these two competing worlds , one based on self - evident truth and valuing human life , and the other on monumental selfishness and denial , is easy enough to explain just as slavery was easy to explain ( in terms of its supposed economic necessity in maintaining the giant tobacco and cotton plantations of the south ) when it was an established practice in the united states . america s mass acquiescence to abortion is rooted in our devotion to what has become a near - sacred belief in total sexual freedom . however disastrously , we have determined as a modern , secular , post - christian society that we have the absolute right to engage in sexual relations with whomever we want , whenever and wherever we want , and we repudiate any notion that we must take responsibility for the natural result of sex which is children . having committed so deeply to this proposition , it matters not how barbaric and inhuman abortion is , how many gorgeous children we see with their throats cut , heads cut off , chemically burned alive , brains sucked out or spinal cord snipped with scissors . we must allow for abortion - on - demand or our sacred right to total sexual freedom ceases to exist . that s our current operating paradigm , without its clothes . this is why , as an illinois state senator , barack obama opposed the born alive infant protection act , designed to prevent the killing of babies that , despite the abortionist s best efforts , are born alive in other words , it was crafted to prevent precisely the crimes for which kermit gosnell was convicted of murder . but obama took that extreme position because , once you start allowing for the restriction of abortion in even the slightest way , you are acknowledging the humanity of the unborn ( or in this particular case , the born ) child , and the whole abortion delusion is in danger of unraveling . magic lines in the dream world of reproductive freedom , women are advised : had unprotected sex just take the morning - after pill . a few weeks later , just take ru486 , and a few weeks after that , just have a suction abortion . it s not a baby . yet with each passing week of gestation , the delusion becomes more difficult to sustain . for in just a few more weeks , suddenly anyone killing the same baby risks , like kermit gosnell , being branded a despicable child - murderer , prosecuted as a criminal and sentenced to life without parole . any doctor , argued gosnell s prosecutor , philly da seth williams , who cuts into the necks severing the spinal cords of living , breathing babies , who would survive with proper medical attention , is a murderer and a monster . in a desperate attempt to reconcile these two opposing worlds , we endlessly draw magic lines arbitrary points before which killing babies is a revered constitutional right , and after which it s a monstrous crime . we create lots of these artificial lines from first trimester , second trimester and third trimester to heartbeat , 20 weeks and viability . of course , overshadowing all these magic lines is an even more arbitrary and irrational measure of infant humanity namely , whether or not the parents want the child one baby has inestimable value backed by the legal protection of the state solely because the parents want and love it , while another child of identical attributes and age , but whose parents don t want it , is considered worthless medical waste . is this not a form of madness in reality and every sentient adult knows this life in the womb is a continuum of growth from the moment of fertilization to the moment of birth . there is no magic line before which destroying that life is perfectly fine and after which it is a depraved criminal act . as the gosnell trial proved , these two warring worlds the world of love and life versus the world of selfishness and death inevitably collide somewhere along this continuum . after all , putting aside gosnell s unsanitary clinic conditions , racism and other unseemly atmospherics , the only major difference between his and other abortionists killings was that his were visible outside the mother where others could see it . do we really think gosnell s snipping of infant spinal cords is somehow different or worse than the 11 , 000 other late - term abortions every year in today s america is snipping more inhumane than forcibly ripping apart human babies limb from limb , or chemically burning them alive with intrauterine saline and other lethal chemicals , or as in the recently outlawed intact dilation and extraction ( partial birth abortion ) procedure , pulling the living baby feet - first into the birth canal , except for the head , stabbing the base of the baby s skull with surgical scissors , inserting a tube into the wound , sucking out the baby s brain with a suction machine ( causing the skull to collapse ) and delivering a now - dead baby how can we have the gall to express horror at gosnell s abortions , but not toward the multitude of other equally abominable but legally sanctioned killings that have scarred and bloodied our nation for more than four decades maybe the gosnell trial was just a convenient catharsis for pro - choice americans , including the mainstream media , an opportunity to safely take out their pent - up guilt over abortion on one bad doctor without endangering all those good abortion clinics they dream exist . abortion has always been a cosmic collision waiting to happen : in the same society where we are righteously outraged at child murder , we fervently embrace child murder . sacred ground when the world of reality collides with the dream world of desperately held illusions , extraordinary things happen . in the after burn of the gosnell trial and society s rare moral condemnation ( the bad doctor got three life sentences for multiple first - degree murders of babies ) , both good and evil were mysteriously turbocharged . the gosnell verdict was handed down may 13 , 2013 . just four weeks later , on june 11 , the texas legislature took up consideration of senate bill 5 , explicitly drafted to prevent the kind of horrors gosnell had committed by banning abortions past 20 weeks gestation , i . e . late - term abortions . exceptions for the life and physical health of the mother were included , and public support was strong . however , our once - unified nation has become a place of warring opposites . where light shines , the darkness also rages and the brighter the light , the more angry and unhinged the rage grows . thus , two weeks later on june 25 , then - state senator wendy davis , a democrat , engaged in an 11 - hour filibuster ( wearing a urinary catheter so she could stay the course ) to block passage of the late - term abortion bill before the midnight end of the texas legislative session . the big media ( who had just finished condemning gosnell ) loved it , with the associated press reporting : thousands of people watched it live online , with president barack obama at one point tweeting , something special is happening in austin tonight . ' with the help of a raucous mob that would not allow representatives to record their votes by the legal deadline of midnight , davis succeeded in blocking the bill s passage for a few weeks , anyway later parlaying her newfound celebrity into an unsuccessful run for the texas governorship in 2014 . remarkably , davis insisted that late - term abortion is , and i quote , sacred . in a post - filibuster speech at the national press club , she justified her actions to stop the late - term abortion ban by proclaiming , i ll seek common ground we all must but sometimes you have to take a stand on sacred ground . in this , davis was echoing top congressional democrat nancy pelosi , who earlier had referred to abortion as sacred ground . while pelosi called gosnell s crimes reprehensible , when a reporter asked her what s the moral difference between what gosnell did to babies born alive and aborting those same infants moments before birth , pelosi refused to answer , resorting instead to one of her trademark insults to reporters : i m not going to have this conversation with you because you obviously have an agenda . you re not interested in having an answer . to recap : that which just a month earlier had been universally condemned as monstrous , sickening , revolting and deserving of multiple first - degree murder convictions had now mysteriously become christened as sacred ground . but that was just the beginning . after davis filibuster foiled the will of the majority in the texas legislature , gov . rick perry , vowing his state would not succumb to mob rule , called for a special session the following month to pass the bill into law . what greeted the new legislative session in july was unprecedented . pro - abortion demonstrations can be hostile , but this was downright freakish . while a pro - life speaker offered her public testimony celebrating life , and others sang amazing grace , supporters of late - term abortion attempted to drown out the pro - lifers hymn - singing by repeatedly chanting hail satan as multiple videos document . then police confiscated bricks , tampons , pads , condoms , urine and feces that pro - abortion protesters allegedly intended to throw at pro - life lawmakers before the final vote on the late - term abortion ban . the texas tribune described the surreal scene at the state capital and what the texas department of public safety ( dps ) was forced to deal with : dps officials have been searching bags before letting people into the gallery , requiring them to throw away paper goods such as magazines , receipts , feminine pads and tampons . one dps officer said authorities had been instructed by the senate s sergeant at arms to confiscate anything that could be thrown from the gallery at senators on the floor . she said they had already found objects such as bricks , paint and glitter in bags . dps officers have thus far discovered one jar suspected to contain urine , 18 jars suspected to contain feces , and three bottles suspected to contain paint . all of these items as well as significant quantities of feminine hygiene products , glitter and confetti possessed by individuals were required to be discarded ; otherwise those individuals were denied entry into the gallery . is it a coincidence just weeks after the nation s consciousness was penetrated by the searing realization that the cherished magic line between abortion and murdering babies doesn t actually exist that those desperately clinging to such delusions would grow even more frenzied as the truth tended to awaken the american mind so frenzied that , just a few months later , a wendy davis supporter would throw a lit molotov cocktail at a group of christian pro - life women praying outside austin s planned parenthood . make no mistake , the truth about abortion is dawning not just due to the gosnell trial , of course . but because of the relentless advances in medical science , prenatal care and imaging technology such as ultrasound , and because of the tireless work of pro - life groups and individuals continually shining a light on the very dark reality of abortion and providing help to desperate women in need of genuine love and support and because monumental denial must ultimately , sooner or later , give way to truth . the shell of denial is cracking . during the 1990 s , more americans considered themselves pro - choice than pro - life by a huge 20 - point margin , but today those numbers have largely reversed . as of 2013 , repeated gallup polling showed more americans identifying as pro - life than pro - choice , and in 2014 , a nationwide cnn poll showed americans continuing to trend pro - life , with 58 percent almost three in five espousing pro - life views , i . e . , that abortion should be legal under few or no circumstances . only 40 percent of americans say abortion should be always or mostly legal . likewise , a quarter century ago , in 1991 there were 2 , 176 surgical abortion clinics in the u . s . today , fully three quarters of them are gone , with only 551 remaining ( medication - only facilities are down as well ) , and the decline has accelerated in recent years . all of which demonstrates that when long - suppressed truth is effectively brought out into the sunlight shining and sparkling for all to see some people are warmed , comforted , renewed and liberated by it . others , unfortunately , feel compelled to run away from the light , or worse , attempt to put it out , like the pro - choice woman who lobbed the firebomb from her car at the women praying in austin . such people are lost in a very bad dream . as operation rescue president troy newman put it , even a peaceful prayer vigil can sometimes enrage abortion advocates because it reminds them of the horrible day they took the life of their child . indeed , let s remember this is a national tragedy : tens of millions of american women have undergone abortions , many of them severely traumatized , some physically , but millions mentally , emotionally and spiritually . some , in great pain and remorse , face up to what they did and seek forgiveness and healing and find it from a kind and merciful god . others , for whatever reasons , go into total denial and defend sometimes maniacally what they did , because facing it honestly is not yet something they re prepared to do . the preceding is excerpted from david kupelian s most recent book , the snapping of the american mind : healing a nation broken by a lawless government and godless culture . special offer : get david kupelian s culture - war classic , the marketing of evil , now in paperback , as well as its sequel how evil works and his latest , the snapping of the american mind : healing a nation broken by a lawless government and godless culture . follow david kupelian on facebook .
a former leader of the montana house of representatives who once supported funding for an anti - drug campaign was sentenced to 18 years in prison thursday for his central role in a methamphetamine trafficking ring . michael lange , the republican house majority leader during the 2007 legislature , arranged deliveries of at least 20 and possibly up to 50 pounds of meth from a source in california over a seven - month period in 2016 , prosecutors said . it was sold through a network of approximately 15 to 20 dealers in montana and wyoming , according to federal prosecutors and an FBi drug task - force officer .
for the first time , an internet company has become the largest lobbyist in washington dc . with the release of fourth quarter lobbying figures a legal requirement it has been revealed that google ( well , alphabet ) spent no less than 18 m in 2017 to lobby lawmakers in the us capital : a 17 per cent increase on the previous year . although a number of industry associations such as the us chamber of commerce spent more , google is the largest corporate entity on the list , reflecting both its enormous influence , it s bottomless pockets , and the tech industry s efforts to push back on a growing consensus that the internet is in need of greater regulation . it s not just google either : amazon splurged 12 . 8 m a 17 per cent year - on - year increase ; facebook blew 11 . 5 m a 32 per cent increase ; and apple spent 7 . 1 m a 51 per cent increase on the previous year . this huge lobbying spend does not represent the full picture when it comes to influencing washington dc , either . the lobbying releases only cover the costs of a company s own employees : they don t include the money that all these companies spent on third - party lobbying groups , who typically boast former high - level government officials and promise access and persuasion for very large sums . nor does it cover donations made to campaign committees .
the test flight of russia s new tu - 160 strategic bomber was caught on camera near kazan . the war machine is seen darting through a milk - white snowy sky over the russian city , flying as low as 300 meters . the short clip of the bomber s flyby was published online by a news website . the flight was part of the trials of the aircraft , which lasted for about seven minutes and was witnessed by a delegation of senior russian officials , headed by the president . the plane was unveiled in november 2017 and will join a fleet of 16 aircraft of the same nuclear - capable design in the russian armed forces before year s end .
in a readout released yesterday by the white house covering a phone conversation between the us and turkish leaders , president trump reportedly urged turkey ' s president erdogan to de - escalate the country ' s military incursions in northern syria , following a turkish offensive there to rid the area of kurdish fighters . there was just one problem : in a statement released overnight , the turkish presidency said the white house had lied about much of the content in its readout . " the readout issued by the white house does not accurately reflect the content of president erdogan s phone call with president trump . " " trump did not share any ' concerns [ about ] escalating violence ' with regard to the ongoing military operation in afrin . the two leaders ' discussion of operation olive branch was limited to an exchange of views , " an official told al jazeera . the white house readout of the phone call said that trump " relayed concerns that escalating violence in afrin risked undercutting their " shared goals in syria " and that " he urged turkey to de - escalate , limit its military actions , and avoid civilian casualties and increases to displaced persons and refugees . " trump also warned erdogan against bringing us and turkish forces into conflict , according to the white house . washington has about 2 , 000 ground troops in syria . the white house statement said : " president trump also expressed concern about destructive and false rhetoric coming from turkey , and about united states citizens and local employees detained under the prolonged state of emergency in turkey . " however , the turkish official denied there was any mention of the state of emergency or the phrase " destructive and false rhetoric coming from turkey " . " [ trump ] mentioned that open criticism of the united states raised concerns in washington , " according to the source . in response , erdogan stressed that a number of us policies , including washington ' s military support to the syrian kurdish fighters and " its harbouring " of fethullah gulen - a self - exiled turkish muslim scholar - caused " outrage " among the turkish people , the source said . there was no mention of the state of emergency in turkey , according to the turkish response . regarding the release of us citizens imprisoned in turkey , erdogan told trump that there was rule of law in his country and highlighted that the independent judiciary would reach its verdict following the completion of relevant indictments . erdogan also said that the us - backed syrian kurdish forces must withdraw to the east of the euphrates river in syria and pledged the protection of manbij city by the turkish - backed free syrian army against future threats by the islamic state of iraq and the levant ( isil , also known as isis ) armed group . the us and turkey - Nato allies - have diverging interests in syria , with washington focused on defeating the isil and ankara eager to prevent syria ' s kurds from gaining autonomy and increasing kurdish unrest on its soil . in the past year , turkey has drifted increasingly farther away from Nato and right into russia ' s zone of influence as the battle for influence over this key asian gateway nation continues .
following a recent move by canada , south korea has launched a complaint with the world trade organization ( wto ) against the united states so - called safeguard tariffs on imported goods . korea considers these measures to be inconsistent with the united states obligations under the relevant provisions of the Gatt 1994 and agreement on safeguards , the complaint said , according to reuters . earlier this week , seoul warned it would complain to the wto about washington s decision to slap tariffs on imported washing machines and solar panels . it called the action excessive and regrettable . china has also expressed strong dissatisfaction regarding american tariffs , saying that could further deteriorate global trade environment . beijing hinted it could take similar action . with regard to the wrong measures taken by the united states , china will work with other wto members to resolutely defend our legitimate interests , the chinese ministry of commerce said . on monday , us president donald trump slapped steep tariffs on imported washing machines and solar panels . the move was described as a blow to south korea ' s samsung electronics and lg electronics . together they ship up to 3 million washing machines annually to the us , with sales of around 1 billion . the united states will impose a 20 percent tariff on the first 1 . 2 million imported large residential washers in the first year , and a 50 percent tariff on additional imports . the tariffs decline to 16 percent and 40 percent respectively in the third year . a 30 percent tariff will be imposed on imported solar cells and modules in the first year , with the tariffs declining to 15 percent by the fourth year . the tariff reportedly allows 2 . 5 gigawatts of unassembled solar cells to be imported tariff - free in each year . both samsung and lg expressed concern over the new tariffs , claiming they would hurt american consumers and jobs . two weeks ago , canada filed a wide - ranging trade complaint against the us , accusing it of breaking international trade rules . a 32 - page complaint by ottawa has cited around 200 examples of alleged us wrongdoing , almost all of them concerning other trading partners too , such as china , india , brazil and the european union .
peshawar , pakistan a missile from a suspected u . s . drone killed an afghan militant commander as he was taking a shower early wednesday , according to pakistani police and taliban sources . nasir mahmood a member of the feared taliban - linked haqqani network was in a house in pakistan ' s semi - autonomous federally administered tribal areas near the border with afghanistan when he died , according to ameer zaman , a senior police officer . nasir mahmood , whose given name was ihsanullah , was also known as khowarai by his fighters . three taliban sources confirmed that mahmood , who like millions of fellow afghans left for pakistan over the last four decades , had been killed . they shared a photo of his body as he was being being prepared for burial . according to zaman and the taliban sources , another haqqani commander was injured in the strike in biland khel village . mahmood is believed to have led fighters on multiple attacks on afghan security forces and u . s . soldiers in afghanistan .
the illness that has forced raheem sterling to miss the start of liverpool s pre - season appears to be more serious than initially thought . as is liverpool s policy , sterling s parents must send a letter to rodgers explaining his absence after missing more than 3 days in a row . fm football news has exclusively obtained a letter from raheem sterling s mother in which she explains that her son s absence will continue : raheem sterling demands liverpool move anfield to london the 50 million cheque has in fact been forwarded to southampton with a note simply reading : how much for the rest brendan stay tuned to fm football news on facebook and twitter for more :
a contributing factor that plays in the determination of nominating an individual to run for u . s . president is their health . many questioned if democratic candidate bernie sanders was too old to run for the presidency . in his late 70 s , many scoffed at the idea of the democrat running the country . however , we ended up with slightly younger , yet still the oldest president to take office , 71 - year - old donald trump . yes , trump beat reagan by one year . with all his twitter fits and bombastic behavior , the results of trump s annual physical performed at walter reed medical center have peaked the interest of the public . the results weren t necessarily jaw - dropping . however , the doctor s determination that trump is in excellent health is questionable . during the white house press briefing , dr . ronny jackson answered questions from reporters but was pressed hard by cnn s chief medical correspondent dr . sanjay gupta . dr . jackson revealed that trump was on medication to help lower his cholesterol which has gone up since 2016 . furthermore , he noted trump is just below the criteria considered for obesity . despite all that , jackson ruled trump is in excellent health . with that said , gupta asked jackson bluntly : he is taking cholesterol - lowering medication , he has evidence of heart disease , and he is borderline obese . can you characterize that as excellent health jackson responded to gupta s line of questioning defensively and noting trump s cardiac scans were all good . based on his cardiac study , his heart is very healthy . that s all things we re looking at we re focusing on his cardiac health as an indicator of what the rest of his vascular health might be like . he then noted he had no evidence of peripheral vascular disease . he also noted the dosage of his cholesterol medication was low . i would say the dose of his cholesterol medicine is very low . it s a very low dose of his cholesterol medicine right now . so , we have a lot of room to increase that . most cardiologists would put a patient on a larger dose of cholesterol medicine than that to start with if we do the diet and exercise , i just don t think that he has much room to do anything else . cnn noted trump s cholesterol levels . since 2016 , when trump last released medical information , his overall cholesterol levels have increased from 169 to 223 . the so - called bad cholesterol is now at 143 , up from 94 during his last exam . as much as he tried to praise trump s heart health , gupta did manage to press jackson enough to get jackson to admit trump s arterial calcium levels were also elevated . elevated calcium levels in arteries contribute to a higher risk of heart attack . gupta spoke to cnn s wolf blitzer tuesday and was asked his opinion on the characterization that trump is in excellent health . we know he has high cholesterol . we know he has evidence of heart disease . we know he is borderline obese . so , to say those things to the average person , they aren t going to equate that with excellent health . i ve never seen anything like it . the whitehouse doctor ronny jackson spent nearly an hour briefing reporters and answering every last question about the health of president realdonaldtrump . his assessment : trump is mentally and physically fit to lead . pic . twitter . com / ifwe1dd2eo dr . sanjay gupta ( drsanjaygupta ) january 17 , 2018 he did note , however , his echocardiogram and stress test results were good . however , he has markers for heart disease . what should be noted , however , is that his levels aren t stable and aren t improving . if you look at the areas where dr . jackson focused , on heart disease , which is understandable given the president s age , basically all of the numbers , the objective numbers that we could compare this year to last year , have become a little worse . he is gone in the wrong direction , and we re seeing now the impact in these particular tests of his lifestyle . jackson suggested a diet to lose 10 - 15 pounds and exercise . also , a nutritionist will consult with white house kitchen staff on cutting calories , fats , and carbohydrates . bannon says : he had a longtime fear of being poisoned , one reason why he liked to eat at mcdonald s nobody knew he was coming and the food was safely pre - made . trump usa bannOnbOOK mcdonalds pic . twitter . com / 1 isv8rLw52 m . v . mauch ( mvmauch ) january 5 , 2018 the results of trump s physical aren t mind - blowing ; however , deeming trump to be in excellent condition is in a way shady . no one imagines someone with high cholesterol and elevated calcium levels in their arteries as someone in excellent condition . no , trump is not on his deathbed by any means ; however , he s had an increase in the risk for heart health . there s room for improvement for a man that loves mcdonald s , Kfc , and well - done steak slathered in ketchup . featured image screenshot via youtube .
the imaginary hispanic january 24 , 2018 there are two statistics that explain the democrat obsession with illegal immigration and open borders . 97 of immigrants in the appropriate grouping identify themselves as hispanic , but by the fourth generation that number falls to half . only 7 of immigrants describe themselves as americans , but 56 in the third generation call themselves americans . even the use of spanish is slowly declining . if a minority stops existing after a few generations , did it ever actually exist the democrats had abandoned their working class base to chase what they pretended was a racial group when what they were actually chasing was the momentum of unlimited migration . in the economics of identity politics , hispanics , unlike african - americans , are not an enduring group . and that is a serious challenge for democrats and their leftist allies who treat politics as a game of demographic risk played with minorities across the states and cities of the united states . democrats have pinned their hopes for a national majority on a european origin group whose minority status is cultural and linguistic . and even without the old melting pot , foreign languages and cultural affinities decline across generations as immigrants become americans . what democrats really want aren ' t a lot of hispanics , but an endless firehose of first generation immigrants . democrat political affiliation falls with each succeeding generation and republican affiliation rises . a family that speaks english is less likely to vote democrat or view themselves as an oppressed minority . even in california , support for subsidized lawyers for illegal aliens falls from a decisive majority among immigrants to a near tie by the second generation . it ' s why trump improved on romney ' s numbers with hispanic voters despite defying every politically correct recommendation of the post 12 rNc autopsy . hispanic immigration becomes less politically helpful with each generation . the dem majorities grow thinner and less reliable . hispanic immigration , unlike islamic migration , produces diminishing political returns for its sponsors . the only solution to the retention problem lies with open borders . the democrats don ' t value the daca illegal aliens who benefited from obama ' s equally illegal amnesty because , as they claim , they ' re really americans . they only care about them to the extent that they aren ' t . and even they ' re useful only as a wedge issue for open borders and unlimited migration . as long as the census counts heads instead of citizens , migration creates dem districts . and in machine politics , illegal aliens and non - citizens can even vote in those districts . but it ' s momentum , not minorities , that the dems are really after . a constant flow of immigrants transforms america . but when the flow stops , then the immigrants are the ones who become transformed by america . the decline of legal immigration makes illegal immigration into an even more urgent cause for the left . the troubled economy of the obama years paradoxically dissuaded legal immigrants leading the dems to lean more heavily on illegal migrants . those statistics eventually led obama to openly endorse illegal immigration , to implement an illegal unilateral amnesty and to push hard for a total alien amnesty . the problem was political , but so was its solution . the dems had to normalize illegal immigration ( right down to banning the use of the term and replacing it with the euphemism undocumented immigrant ' ) not just for the immediate political benefits of putting tens of millions of potential voters on the table , but the long term benefit of maintaining the momentum of unlimited migration through open borders . it ' s why the democrats will never agree to secure the border . they might have cut such a deal decades ago ( though they would have sabotaged it , as indeed they did after the last amnesty ) , but these days it ' s a political third rail . legalizing illegal aliens is a sideline to maintaining an open border . if they have to choose between the two , the democrats will always choose the political lifeline of open borders . illegal aliens will produce diminishing returns . it ' s the open border that feeds the dem pipeline . the dems will take amnesty if they can get it , but they ' ll never trade it for an end to their political pipeline . that ' s why california has become a sanctuary state . it ' s why so many dem cities are going sanctuary . it ' s why dem officials are actively targeting businesses and local law enforcement that cooperate with immigration authorities . it ' s because illegal aliens have displaced hispanics as the core minority . hispanics , in their totality , are less politically reliable than illegal aliens . the future of the dems does not lie with an imaginary minority that dissipates after a few generations , but with the open border . illegal aliens embody the borderless state of the country . the symbol is politically compelling for the post - national left , but the reality is even more compelling for democrat electoral demographics . the new conquerors of california understand just how shaky their grip on power really is . 44 . 6 of california residents speak a language other than english at home . almost a fifth don ' t speak english very well . california has no close competitors among other states in this category . but these same numbers have been declining nationwide even as they continue to cluster in california and other entry states . the democrats have secured their overwhelming grip on power . migration and immigration ended democracy in california . it ' s transformed formerly contested elections into single party affairs where republicans need not even bother showing up . but the jerry brown junta won ' t last forever . a fresh supply of immigrants and migrants is needed to keep the post - democratic california in dem hands . that ' s why california ' s political elites have gone the furthest in embracing open borders . it ' s why the new sanctuary state is backed by the threat of state power against those following the law of the land . they aren ' t protecting illegal aliens , in the usual lefty arrangement they are protecting their own power . the power struggle over illegal immigration isn ' t just about cheap votes today , but tomorrow . the democrats need to maintain higher percentages of immigrants relative to the immigrants of previous generations . it ' s a demographic ponzi scheme that like all such schemes can only end in disaster . but the democrats have embraced it out of greed and have no choice now but to keep the scam going even if it bankrupts cities and states , and eventually tears the entire country apart . every action has an equal and opposite reaction . when the democrats bet everything on illegal migration , they alienated millions of voters who went on to help elect president trump . the alienated working class vote forced them to double down even harder on illegal aliens . losing traditional constituencies to identity politics has always radicalized dems . and 2016 was no different . instead of political accommodation , the dems embraced resistance . but their new majority depends on open borders . a wall doesn ' t just cut off the pathway of illegal aliens into this country ; it cuts off the pathway of the democrats to their new majority . and then their political ponzi scheme falls apart , as such schemes usually do , when the momentum feeding it fails . that ' s why a border wall is a threat to the political survival of the democrats . and it ' s why they will do everything they can to stop it .
have you ever wondered why you were attracted to the people you were attracted to or perhaps why you just aren t attracted to some people in gen
we all have a sense of intuition . now , for some , it is much more intense than it is for others but it is still always there . where does our intuition
redstate s watercooler , 1 / 24 open thread : travels of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next welcome back to another installment of the watercooler , redstate s daily open thread today , we ve got travels this week , we re starting a new recurring feature on the watercooler , one i hope the rest of the team and the readership will join in on . travels is intended to highlight some of the more odd , quirky , out - of - the - way or less - well - known museums , historic sites and other attractions that could be called hidden gems i ve visited over the years when out on the open road . arabia steamboat museum , kansas city , missouri devoted to an unlikely find , a steamboat wreck buried under a cornfield since 1856 appropriately , the museum is in the old city market area , within easy walking distance of the dock where the steamer made her last port call . the arabia lost none of her passengers or crew other than a mule , but the wreck became a perfect time capsule for her 200 tons of mercantile goods until its discovery in 1988 . many of these artifacts are exhibited in a mercantile store - inspired display , and a personal highlight for me was that the preservation lab is on - site so you can actually watch the process of protecting these treasures of a bygone era for future generations . i was here in 2002 on my way to wichita for the b - 52 50 th birthday party , and it s only gotten better since , including feature in both us news world report and don wildmon s mysteries at the museum on travel channel . contact info : 400 grand boulevard , kansas city , mo 64106 . telephone 816 - 471 - 1856 ; website < URL > audience participation encouraged please don t hesitate to share the various out - of - the - way interesting sites you ve found over the years . this week in history sunday , 1 / 21 : first battle of sabine pass , 1863 ; alger hiss convicted , 1950 ; siege of khe sanh begins , 1968 ; carter pardons draft - dodgers , 1977 monday , 1 / 22 : tory outlaw claudius smith hanged , 1779 ; columbia phonograph [ aka columbia records ] formed , 1889 ; 747 enters revenue service , 1970 ; roe v . wade , 1973 tuesday , 1 / 23 : georgetown university founded , 1789 ; marias massacre , 1870 ; first frisbees , 1957 ; 24 th amendment bans poll taxes , 1964 wednesday , 1 / 24 : gold found in california , 1848 ; first canned beer , 1935 ; third - to - last wwii japanese holdout shoichi yokoi captured , 1972 ; apple macintosh released , 1984 thursday , 1 / 25 : largest confrontation of shays s rebellion , 1787 ; first transcon phone service , 1915 ; battle of the bulge ends , 1945 ; first live - tv presidential press conference , 1961 friday , 1 / 26 : tennessee enacts first alcohol prohibition , 18938 ; first battle of seattle , 1856 ; burnside relived and hooker takes command , 1863 ; first wwii us forces reach europe , 1942 saturday , 1 / 27 : knox s artillery reaches cambridge , 1776 ; congress approves indian territory , 1825 ; first american bombing raid on germany , 1943 ; apollo1 fire , 1967 today s birthdays : actor ernest borgnine , 1917 ( happy birthday , mchale ) ; evangelist oral roberts , 1918 ; singers ray stevens , 1939 , neil diamond , 1941 and warren zevon , 1947 ; comedian yakov smirnoff ( america , votta country ) , 1951 . in memoriam : sir winston churchill , today in 1965 fifty years to the day after his father lord randolph churchill . holidays around the world : it s unification day in romania . this week in history is compiled with assistance from history . com and wikipedia . something interesting not listed here please share in the comments section this is an audience participation encouraged featurette . gratuitous gun giveaways * american handgunner magazine , for a les baer premier ii longslide 1911 or sccy cpx - 3 . 380 pistol package : < URL > * guns magazine , for a ruger mk iv scoped . 22 target pistol , devil dog arms ris - 15 ar - pattern rifle or auto - ordnance 1911 bkow wwii - style . 45 pistol package : < URL > davidson s gallery of guns , for an ati replica wwii mp40 or 9 mm ar15 pistol : < URL > precision , for a custom ar15 : < URL > grabagun , for a springfield trp operator 10 mm 1911 pistol : < URL > springfield armory , for a 911 . 380 pocket - pistol , or a saint 5 . 56 mm ar15 pistol and two xd - s mod . 2 compact . 45 s : < URL > * note : fmg publishing giveaways require you to provide an ffl dealer s info at entry . aero precision and primary arms giveaways give me one entry each per person who uses my referral link . quote of the day if you would persuade , you must appeal to interest rather than intellect . benjamin franklin as always , the watercooler is an open thread . and as so eloquently coined by ntrepid , thanks for the click your effort helps fund future posts of this nature . it is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong . voltaire copyright diamondback , 2017 ; publication license granted exclusively to redstate . if you re reading this anywhere but redstate , you are seeing stolen property . ( image by warx , edited by manuel strehl at wikimedia ; used under creative commons attribution license ) the post redstate s watercooler , 1 / 24 open thread : travels appeared first on redstate . source : < URL >
headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next behold , the fruits of what some are calling WinninG . just watch the vice president s recent trip to israel a mutual lovefest like nothing i ve ever seen in some 40 years of watching american leaders interact with their often irascible israeli counterparts . mike pence s trip was less important for what it accomplished than what it reflected and represented : under trump : the u . s . - israel relationship has undergone a transition from a valued special relationship to one that s seemingly exclusive . the need for no daylight between the u . s . and israel used to be a talking point wielded by staunchly pro - israeli supporters against democratic and republican presidents alike ; trump has turned it into official policy , and many foreign policy hands worry that the u . s . interest is being lost in the process . even some on the left , like the columnist chemi shalev of haaretz , hailed pence s address as one of the most unabashedly zionist speeches perhaps sermon is the better word ever heard in the israeli knesset . for messianic jews and evangelicals , like pence , the speech was a confirmation that momentous days are here again , with sounds of rapture and signs of the messiah . israeli newspapers ran the remarks in full .
defense secretary mattis treated to unusual military display ( and you ll want to see what happens with these snakes ) of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next i don t know what this has to do with military readiness or if it makes them better soldiers , but they get props for their unique flair . defense secretary james mattis was the guest at a grand military display by indonesia s troops . how it would go over in the u . s . , i m not so sure , but somebody should make a reality tV show out of it . of those feats , there was rolling in broken glass , breaking bricks over their heads , fire walking , and drinking snake blood . yeah . i just said that . drinking snake blood , because , of course . the group of reporters traveling with mattis on the three - day trip to indonesia had been told he would view a routine military demonstration at indonesia s armed forces headquarters . seriously this is routine i m flabbergasted , in the most wonderful way . one indonesian soldier who wore a hood over his face used a knife to cut a cucumber that was in his colleague s mouth . another blindfolded man shot a balloon that was in between another soldier s legs . one of the shots missed , but reuters reported no one appeared to have been injured . oh that could have gone so badly . then they trotted the guys with the venomous snakes out even a king cobra , which was dropped near mattis . before anything could happen , they cut off the heads and drank the blood . one guy even decided to go above and beyond , and he bit into a snake while it was still alive . you could imagine how much training went into each individual there , that they were able to do that , mattis later told reporters aboard his plane . when you watch a force do that , many small things , perfectly , you can imagine that they can also put the bigger things together . other indonesian forces broke concrete bricks with their heads and smashed piles of burning blocks with their hands . these are some baaaaaaad men . get this with the theme to mission impossible playing , they conducted a mock hostage rescue . all of this is part of the indonesian military s attempts to mend fences with the pentagon , after some human rights abuses of the 90 s resulted in a restriction of the relationship . whatever the outcome , you have to see this : special forces in indonesia demonstrates to mattis their ability to eat snakes . pic . twitter . com / i24p5adzsg paul d . shinkman ( pdshinkman ) january 24 , 2018 the post defense secretary mattis treated to unusual military display ( and you ll want to see what happens with these snakes ) appeared first on redstate . source : < URL >
betsy devos pronounces common core dead ( but its animated corpse still stalks the landscape ) headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next education secretary betsy devos , greets students , parents and educators at a national school choice rally , thursday , jan . 18 , 2017 , on capitol hill in washington . ( ap photo / maria danilova ) yesterday , president trump issued a proclamation declaring this week to be national school choice week . this commemorative week has been around since 2011 but , at least as far as i can tell , this is the first presidential proclamation on the subject . obama was only in favor of school choice if the choice involved was different levels of political indoctrination . my administration is refocusing education policy on students . we are committed to empowering those most affected by school choice decisions and best suited to direct taxpayer resources , including states , local school boards , and families . as part of my steadfast commitment to invest in america s students , i signed into law the tax cuts and jobs act last december . one of the bill s provisions includes an expansion of 529 education savings plans so that their funds can be allocated tax - free to k - 12 public , private , and religious educational expenses . by giving parents more control over their children s education , we are making strides toward a future of unprecedented educational attainment and freedom of choice . under the leadership of secretary of education betsy devos , we will continue to advance school choice so that every child in america has access to the tools best suited to enabling them to achieve the american dream . during national school choice week , i encourage parents to explore innovative educational alternatives , and i challenge students to dream big and work hard for the futures they deserve . i also urge state and federal lawmakers to embrace school choice and enact policies that empower families and strengthen communities . this was a great follow up to a speech given by education secretary betsy devos at american enterprise institute last week when we were all obsessing over the shutdown drama : the bottom line is simple : federal education reform efforts have not worked as hoped . that s not a point i make lightly or joyfully . yes , there have been some minor improvements in a few areas . but we re far from where we need to be . we need to be honest with ourselves . the purpose of today s conversation is to look at the past with 20 / 20 hindsight , examine what we have done and where it has or hasn t led us . where the bush administration emphasized nclb s stick , the obama administration focused on carrots . they recognized that states would not be able to legitimately meet the nclb s strict standards . secretary duncan testified that 82 percent of the nation s schools would likely fail to meet the law s requirements thus subjecting them to crippling sanctions . the obama administration dangled billions of dollars through the race to the top competition , and the grant - making process not so subtly encouraged states to adopt the common core state standards . with a price tag of nearly four and a half billion dollars , it was billed as the largest - ever federal investment in school reform . later , the department would give states a waiver from nclb s requirements so long as they adopted the obama administration s preferred policies essentially making law while congress negotiated the reauthorization of esea . unsurprisingly , nearly every state accepted common core standards and applied for hundreds of millions of dollars in race to the top funds . but despite this change , the united states pisa performance did not improve in reading and science , and it dropped in math from 2012 to 2015 . then , rightly , came the public backlash to federally imposed tests and the common core . i agree and have always agreed with president trump on this : common core is a disaster . and at the u . s . department of education , common core is dead . the whole speech is something you should read because it lays out , chapter and verse , how top - down demands and massive infusions of federal cash have no positive impact on anything but the pocketbooks of the people benefiting from the mandates . this is how the american federation of teachers saw it : so betsydevosed says common core is dead but common core testing is endorsed so the curriculum is gone - but not high states teacher and student accountability betsy devos approves parcc as common core test < URL > via dianeravitch randi weingarten ( rweingarten ) january 24 , 2018 observation : if you don t know the expression is high stakes not high states maybe you shouldn t be involved in the whole teaching thing . this might seem like a paradox but common core is wired very deeply into the education grant process and vestiges of common core are going to linger for some years . but , once you start divorcing the receipt of funds from the standards , which is what is happening , you re going to find fewer and fewer school districts using the system . this all goes back to school choice . if school choice had been available , common core would have been stillborn . it was immensely unpopular with parents and students ( do you really need to learn multiple ways of adding numbers together ) and if they could have left the curriculum many would have done so . the exodus would have caused a backlash from the states and the whole stupid idea would have been killed where it stood . the post betsy devos pronounces common core dead ( but its animated corpse still stalks the landscape ) appeared first on redstate . source : < URL >
mueller wants to question trump ( and trump may comply ) headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next special counsel robert mueller , in the course of investigating possible collusion between the trump campaign and russia , is said to be working out a deal with the white house for president donald trump to answer questions related to the dismissal of two former administration employees , national security adviser michael flynn and fbi director james b . comey . mueller s desire to question the president had led some to believe he is interested in trying to determine if the president attempted to obstruct the russian collusion investigation by ousting the two men . the white house is reportedly willing to agree to an interview and the president s legal team hopes to provide trump s testimony in a hybrid form answering some questions in a face - to - face interview and others in a written statement , reports the washington post . white house press secretary sarah sanders told reporters tuesday before news broke that trump was considering meeting with mueller that the white house is eager to put the russian investigation of collusion which they have intimated is little more than a witch hunt behind them . frankly , this administration , we have said it time and time before , there was no collusion , sanders said . there is nothing to it . we are ready to move on . clearly the american people are . and my guess ( is ) some of you are tired of talking about it as well and hopefully we will get to that point soon and we can do that . sanders would not say whether trump would submit to an interview with mueller but pledged to be fully cooperative with the special counsel . mueller is also said to be seeking an interview with former trump adviser steve bannon on the circumstances surrounding the firings of flynn and comey . bannon is set to interview with mueller by the end of the month , these people say , as the special counsel s investigation moves closer to president donald trump s inner circle . attorney general jeff sessions , who was a witness to the firing of comey , was interviewed last week , the justice department confirmed tuesday . in addition to the comey and flynn firings , key issues from bannon s time in the white house are likely to include trump s decision to fire then - acting attorney general sally yates and any pressure the president may have exerted on sessions about the fbi investigation into russia s interference with the election . comey was let go in may after testifying that he could not comment on whether there was evidence of collusion in the russian investigation , an effort he led at the time . comey also told congress that trump had privately asked him if he could see a path to firing flynn . mueller s intent to meet with trump regarding his decisions to let flynn and comey go have many believing the special counsel is trying to establish if there was a pattern of firing anyone who came close to finding evidence of collusion . for their part , as mentioned , the white house is saying they will meet with mueller as a way to put the collusion narrative to bed and are insisting they had no knowledge that flynn had even met with the fbi until they were informed trump tweeted that he was forced to fire flynn shortly after the former adviser resigned in february of last year and subsequently pleaded guilty to lying to the fbi about contacts with russia . trump s tweet indicated flynn was fired for lying to the vice president mike pence about his russian relationships as well as lying to the fbi , which led some to believe he ousted flynn to distance himself or quiet him about the russian investigation . comey was let go in may after testifying that he could not comment on whether there was evidence of collusion in the russian investigation , an effort he led at the time . comey also told congress that trump had privately asked him if he could see a path to firing flynn . mueller s intent to meet with trump regarding his decisions to let flynn and comey go have many believing the special counsel is trying to establish if there was a pattern of firing anyone who came close to finding evidence of collusion . for their part , as mentioned , the white house is saying they will meet with mueller as a way to put the collusion narrative to bed and are insisting they had no knowledge that flynn had even met with the fbi until they were informed two days later by then acting attorney general sally yates , who was also let go 10 days into the trump presidency . the post mueller wants to question trump ( and trump may comply ) appeared first on redstate . source : < URL >
traitorous manning crashes alt - right bash ( and the left went nuts ) of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next look who s crashing the party . on the evening following the women s march through new york streets , in order to protest the first year of a trump presidency , trump s loyalists had their own event a celebration of the 1 year anniversary , in hell s kitchen , new york . it was billed a night for freedom and was hosted by mike cernovich , an alt - right conspiracy theorist and trump clinger . cernovich said of the event that it was a gathering of patriots and political dissidents who are bored with mainstream political events . that could also read : a gathering of those who outlived their usefulness after the election and can t get invited to mainstream political events . the 139 general admission fee got attendees hors d oeuvres and tickets for three drinks . dj duo milk n cooks handled the music . as the event shifted into high gear , it featured an all - star lineup of fringe internet celebrities , trump backers and media trolls , including , reportedly , proud boys founder gavin mcinnes , project veritas s james o keefe and the gateway pundit s lucian wintrich . so a gathering of fake news , crazed , alt - right conspiracy pimps , and wannabes . guess who else was there bradley manning . that s right . the traitorous former army intelligence analyst who jumped in bed with the kremlin and leaked classified documents to wikileaks , spent 7 years in prison for his crimes , and then decided to play dress - up and call himself chelsea a move that inspired our social justice president , barack obama to commute his sentence and release him on the world showed up at a cernovich event . i f ing crashed manning , a current candidate for a maryland u . s . senate seat , told a new york observer reporter at the coat check . later in the night , manning posted her own tweet acknowledging she had crashed the fascist / white supremacist hate brigade party , she wrote , adding : learned in prison that the best way to confront your enemies is face - to - face in their space . i think it s clear that she does what she wants , cernovich told buzzfeed . and i think she knows that we re the same way . oh , good . common ground . of course , manning may have blew any political aspirations he may have held , because quite a few on the left are not happy with his smiling and chatting up people at a pro - trump , alt - right function . further gasoline was poured on the fire when journalist yashar ali dug up a photo from december featuring manning and other prominent far - right internet figures , including cernovich , wintrich , jack posobiec and gateway pundit contributor cassandra fairbanks . chelsea manning at a cernovich event say it ain t so chelsea one poster wrote . good to know on the day of the women s march , chelsea manning is attending a party held by an ultra right wing bigot and nazi sympathizer , another said . others , such as the intercept s glenn greenwald , chimed in to say while you could question manning s actions , liberal warriors should not forget that he spent 7 years in prison for exposing u . s . war crimes , as well as fighting for trans rights , while in prison . oh , good grief . such was the backlash , that manning , in his ever - confused state , took p * * * y - hat in hand and began begging for forgiveness . on monday , manning again addressed the saturday night event , writing on twitter that fascists / alt - right deserve no platform and that she took up an opportunity to gather intel on them b / c the ideology they peddle threatens everyone . according to the guardian , manning also reached out to women s march organizer linda sarsour to apologize for her very bad judgment . buzzfeed s joe bernstein reported manning was on the verge of tears when she expressed her regret to sarsour . he was gathering intel . that s pretty funny . take heart , guy . cernovich has your back . bullied a trans woman to tears . great job , liberals < URL > mike cernovich ( cernovich ) january 22 , 2018 the post traitorous manning crashes alt - right bash ( and the left went nuts ) appeared first on redstate . source : < URL >
good riddance : cecile richards stepping down as planned parenthood president headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next to you , cecile richards , i give the byest of felicias . president of planned parenthood , cecile richards , won t be president for much longer as she has announced that after a decade of being at the head of the abortion giant , she s stepping down . according to buzzfeed , two sources familiar with the matter said richards , 60 , already informed some of the board of directors for the organization about her intentions , and will discuss the matter further at the board meeting scheduled for later this week . richards took control of planned parenthood in 2006 , and has since become the company s leader and face . during a time when democrats had a lot of control over the political goings on in the country , planned parenthood thrived under richards . however , with donald trump and republicans at the helm , the abortion organization has run into one trouble after another , and richards has found her influence and power waning . this is something even acknowledged by buzzfeed : richards plans come at a tumultuous time for abortion rights activists and contraceptives access . in its first year , the trump administration has peeled back state funding protections for planned parenthood , thanks in part to a dramatic tie - breaking vote cast by vice president mike pence in march , his first in office . in october , the administration also rolled back an obama - era rule requiring most employers to provide contraception insurance coverage , which planned parenthood had a heavy hand in crafting . that decision is on hold , however , after a federal judge in pennsylvania granted a nationwide preliminary injunction on the new rules . as planned parenthood s troubles increase and richards power decreases , it s little wonder she s looking for the door . richards was at the head of planned parenthood during many major scandals , including the discovery that the organization was selling baby parts for profit as revealed by the center for medical progress . richards and planned parenthood attempted to re - brand the abortion provider as something other than an abortion provider , but was unable to escape from the public relations monster it had created for itself . the organization has killed over 7 million babies since its inception , with over 300 , 000 deaths a year under richards watch . separating itself from that , especially after it repeatedly took pride in its work , wasn t something richards was capable of . richards also used her seat as planned parenthood s head to fight battles against republicans and the american people s rights . the planned parenthood head used falsehoods against private businesses like hobby lobby , which richards painted as attempting to eliminate all forms of birth control for women . they weren t , only certain forms , but richards attempted to generate outrage from women all over the u . s . with demonstrable lies . as i wrote in a 2016 article titled planned parenthood s cecile richards is the most vile person currently walking this planet , richards was ready to trample over the rights of businesses and religious people in order to keep her business booming : despite this being an obvious fact , richards spun lie after lie in an attempt to sway the public into a frenzy that would make sure the fight to keep businesses under the thumb of government which would then in turn mandate birth control that you could get at planned parenthood good and strong . essentially , richards wants you , business owners and taxpayers , to keep her business booming , and she ll boldly lie in order to accomplish that goal . especially if it means stripping you of your religious rights to do so , as christians are the primary group standing in the way of her lobbying . while richards was championing the poor women who she said would have to suffer the blow of having to pay for protected sex if republicans had their way , richards was making over half a million dollars ever year in salary . this is an 11 percent increase since 2011 despite the fact that planned parenthood s business has been on the decline . richards is responsible for millions of deaths , and attempts at the reductions of our rights and freedoms . the world will be better for her departure . as far as her replacement goes , david daleiden , center for medical progress s head , has a suggestion . in light of the news cecilerichards is resigning from ppact i again suggest dr . lisa harris ppofmi for president / ceo . with thejusticedept investigation ppact will need somebody who is willing to be honest about what they do to unborn children ppsellsbabyparts shutthemdown < URL > david daleiden ( daviddaleiden ) january 24 , 2018 the post good riddance : cecile richards stepping down as planned parenthood president appeared first on redstate . source : < URL >
age is not how old you are , but how many years of fun you ve had . matt maldre we have long been fascinated as a society with the concept of aging , how to overcome it and how our modern technological advances are helping us to take these steps . in fact , it has been predicted that the global anti - aging market will reach 216 . 52 billion by 2021 , a staggering number when you stop to consider it . we invest time , energy and money into plastic surgery , anti - aging creams , chemical peels , anti - cellulite treatments , botox and more . even more concerning is the fact that these efforts aren t actually aimed at increasing our lifespan , but merely giving creating the illusion that we are younger for longer . on the other end of the spectrum , the money and energy put into the health and fitness industry reveal a large portion of the population actively working to extend their lifespan by improving their overall health . the market in the united states alone was valued at approximately 25 . 8 billion in 2015 . when discussions regarding our current health care field and the incredible advances that we see in the areas of both medicine and technology come to light , we often point to the generations that came before us . by believing that we have improved our lifespan we can justify the decision that we have made , and the costs paid . however , is this statement true a recent study set out to further understand the lifestyle , morbidity and overall lifespan of our ancestors , specifically those in anglo - saxon , england . published in the journal of anthropological archaeology , the researchers studied medical records from a number of anglo - saxons who died between 475 and 625 aD . their conclusions shed a new light on our understanding of the health and longevity of people who lived during that time . the study s co - author marc oxenham of the australian national university s school of archaeology and anthropology explained , to be sure , the advent of modern medicine , and a range of social developments , has led to the greater proportion of humanity living to old age . however , it is clear that thousands of years ago , humans were also living well into their 80 s and 90 s ; just not a particularly high proportion of their communities managed that . to be clear , the study does not discount the benefits of modern medicine today more people are reaching older ages than ever before , however , it dispels the popular misconception that our ancestors all died in their 30 s and 40 s . this opens the door to additional research , aimed at better understanding the health and well - being of those who lived during that time .
have you ever wondered what happens to your brain when you pass on well , i for one have on more than one occasion , and now we might finally have some answers . for some when they are experiencing clinical death their brains send them to a beautiful place in their mind . for some , they are even merely walking down a tunnel of darkness looking for the light . sure , many of us think these places are the afterlife but are they scientists for many years have said something amazing within the brain is driving our last moments of consciousness . back in 2013 , a study was carried out by the university of michigan that found after clinical death occurred in rats their brain activity flared . these revealing electrical signatures of consciousness that exceeded levels that were found while the animals were still in their waking states . neurologist and member of this specific team of researchers , jimo borjigin has said as follows on the study : we reasoned that if near - death experience stems from brain activity , neural correlates of consciousness should be identifiable in humans or animals even after the cessation of cerebral blood flow . this study tells us that reduction of oxygen or both oxygen and glucose during cardiac arrest can stimulate brain activity that is characteristic of conscious processing . it also provides the first scientific framework for the near - death experiences reported by many cardiac arrest survivors . while your body is dead your mind is still alive . most research suggests that when we die even if just for a short period of time we are aware that we are dead . this claim was made by dr . sam parnia , who happens to be director of critical care and resuscitation research at nyu langone school of medicine in nyc . he and his team studied those who suffered a cardiac arrest and experienced clinical deaths . our sense of self , out sense of humor , our ability to think ahead that stuff all goes within the first 10 to 20 seconds . then , as the wave of blood - starved brain cells spread out , our memories and language centers short out , until we are left with just a core . says dr . cameron shaw these people were revived and became part of the largest - ever study on death . this study seems to suggest that people are aware they are dead because their consciousness is still working even when the body is no longer showing signs of life . you see , the time of death is considered to be the moment the heart stops but even then the brain is still going . i had a neuroscience instructor who had an out - of - body , near - death experience they were trying to revive him and he witnessed that as a disconnected person . he was brought back and described that circumstance to others , this is what i saw , but basically everything he said , none of that actually happened . the brain can create a visual world around you that resembles something close to reality that isn t reality because you re actually blind . says shaw because of the lack of blood flow we deem the brain as stopping almost instantly , there is evidence of what seems to be a burst of energy in the brain when someone dies . not long ago doctors at a canadian intensive care unit were able to see a great example of this . when they turned life support off for four terminal patients , one of them showed persistent brain activity even after clinical death . this patients brain activity lasted a full 30 minutes after he / she had died . it seems that when we pass there is an initial feeling of peace and that many people who die and are brought back are mad that they have been brought back . they feel as if they did not want to return to their bodies . parnia does not believe this is a hallucination because of how often the deceased are able to repeat to the doctor s everything that had been said in the room while they were dead . i guess we will never truly know until that time comes . what do you think happens to the brain when we die and while a lot of this might not seem very comforting , the truth is we don t know . however , during the experiment with dr . shaw he interviewed a lot of patients asking them about their near death experiences . one of those patients gave an answer that i found to be extremely beautiful and comforting . hopefully , you will too there is not a linear progression , there is a lack of time limits . it was like being there for centuries . i was not in time or space . a moment , and a thousand years both and neither . it all happened at once , or some experiences within my near - death experience were going on at the same time as other , though my human mind separated them into different events . what happens to the brain when we die is not an easy question to answer . it seems to be something you have to just experience for yourself when the time comes . however , the subject of death is very fascinating to many scientists and who knows what the future holds when it comes to this .
some men like tall women where - as others like short women . this is just how things work , you cannot fault a man for his own preferences . have you ever stopped to wonder what preferences most men have do you think there might be a specific set of things men find to be attractive in most women well , there is and science backs it . below you will find a list of things that men , for the most part , look for in a female partner . the subconscious works in peculiar ways . 10 things men are looking for in a woman without even realizing it : 1 . fuller lips a study from manchester university found that men spend a lot of time looking at the lips of women . those with fuller lips are often seen as more attractive . throw some red lipstick on those full lips and you will drive him crazy . 2 . the way she sounds according to smithsonian magazine , men find women with a higher tone of voice to be more attractive . i assume this is because it is more commonly associated with being feminine . a pleasing voice brings about a lot for a man . 3 . healthy hair shiny , long , beautiful hair is something men like for the most part . for some reason , lots of men prefer women with longer hair . actually , a survey carried out back in 2004 found that longer hair was rated as more attractive on average . this said to be because some men are intimidated by pixie cuts . 4 . bigger and brighter eyes men want a woman with big , bright eyes . while the color of the eyes is not as important the size makes them seem healthier and men pick up on this in their minds . while this has to do with babymaking it is still interesting to know . symmetry is a sign of beauty . when a woman has a symmetrical face she seems to have good genes . this is something men look for subconsciously . research has proven this to be true . 6 . low waist - to - hip ratio the research published in the journal personality and social psychology found that a large percentage of men feel more attracted to women with a low waist - to - hip ratio . that being said , there are still some who prefer a higher waist - to - hip ratio . to each their own , i believe there is a place in this world and in love for all women regardless of their waist - to - hip ratios . 7 . scent as women , we give off a specific scent . this is our natural scent or our pheromones . these things are not often noticed right away but if you smell something that belongs to someone else you will notice quickly it smells like them . research has also found that a woman s cycle influences her pheromones . some people have a good smell and others do not , men want someone who smells good to them . 8 . red while women have been using red lipstick for quite some time , men have always been crazy about it . according to the university of rochester , most homo sapiens are attracted to the color red . red is the color we most commonly associate with love and romance . 9 . big breasts this comes as no surprise considering breast implants are easily the number one cosmetic surgery performed . the bigger the breasts the more fertile your figure appears to be . this just attracts men like flies . that being said , there has been a study done that seems to suggest men s attitudes determine whether or not they are attracted to small breasts or big ones . it seems a woman with a 45 - degree slope between her back and her booty she is more desired . while we don t all have to have big ole kardashian booties men do prefer a curved booty with a nice shape . luckily this can be found in big and small tushies .
hell hath no fury like a woman scorned , and the trump administration has done nothing more than scorn women . however , trump s disregard for women has had a positive effect on hundreds of women nationwide . they are inspired to run for office , and that s a good thing for the democratic party and the nation . it wasn t just the trump administration , however . it was the coming together of a multitude of women for the women s march . additionally , they are pushed to run because governments at all levels are still unresponsive to the needs of the men and women who put them in their offices . timE magazine highlighted this new trend in politics , which is overdue , with a beautiful cover featuring the women who have stepped out to run for offices nationwide and are first - time candidates . timE s new cover : first they marched . now a record number of women are running for office < URL > pic . twitter . com / xeu0c5spl6 timE ( timE ) january 18 , 2018 for the story , several were interviewed , and although some were involved in politics before , the real push was the trump administration . charlotte alter wrote : in dozens of interviews with timE , progressive women described undergoing a metamorphosis . in 2016 , they were ordinary voters . in 2017 , they became activists , spurred by the bitter defeat of the first major female presidential candidate at the hands of a self - described pussy grabber . now , in 2018 , these doctors and mothers and teachers and executives are jumping into the arena and bring new energy to a democratic party sorely in need of fresh faces . though not mentioned in the timE story , lisa ring is one of those candidates . she s running for congress in a southeast georgia district that has long been red . her site says : lisa ring is running for congress because it is important that no one gets left behind in our district . lisa believes the people of the 1 st district deserve better representation in congress . stand with lisa ring to make your voice heard loud and clear in washington d . c . , and to shape our public policy to reflect our values in the 1 st district of georgia her website describes her as a mother of four , a military spouse , a military mom , and a former corrections officer . it also describes her as a new face of politics . times have changed , and women have had enough . when women wanted the right to vote , they took to the streets to march . now , they take to the streets to march in hopes of taking senates and houses across the nation . the timE cover elicited a positive response from twitter users . you can check out those responses out below . hell yeah the metoo becomes the i will beat you out of office old men march you way straight into office , ladies . we are ready for you . great going let s make it a new 2018 and also go BlUE 2018 pic . twitter . com / iZcow0bqqq rachel ( zinniaz75 ) january 18 , 2018 featured image by mario tama / getty images .
we re all convinced that several members of the trump administration should be considered convicts , and perhaps with time they will be considered that . for now , however , we get the enjoyment of knowing that one former adviser of donald trump has a warrant out for his arrest . buzzfeed reported former deputy assistant to the president , sebastian gorka , has an active warrant for his arrest in hungary for firearm or ammunition abuse . the real kicker , however , is the warrant was issued back on sept . 17 , 2016 . if the warrant was issued back in 2016 , gorka was working in the white house . that means that during the entire seven months gorka spent in the white house , including when meeting with hungarian foreign minister p ter szijj rt in washington last march , an arrest warrant was pending overseas . buzzfeed was unable to provide any details as to what spurred the warrant , and gorka refused to provide any comments to buzzfeed when contacted . he said : don t waste your time . i don t talk to buzzfeed , thank you . the most important question , however , is this : how does someone get a job in the white house with a pending warrant featured image by olivier douliery - pool / getty images .
addressing a nuclear north korea january 24 , 2018 do north korea ' s nuclear and missile programs represent deterrence to protect it from an attack by the united states , defensive weapons the world can live with , or are they an existential threat to south korea , japan and the united states that may require the use of u . s . military force to address these questions are being debated in light of major advances in both programs over the last year and go to the heart of difficult decisions that president donald trump must make concerning north korea that could cause or prevent a cataclysmic war . the program as a deterrent until recently , it was plausible to argue that north korea might be developing ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons for defensive reasons - as a deterrent . north korean officials have made this argument on many occasions , claiming their nuclear weapons and the missiles to carry them will prevent the kim jong un regime from suffering the fate of saddam hussein in iraq and moammar qaddafi in libya . the north korean news agency said in january 2016 after north korea ' s fourth nuclear test , " history proves that powerful nuclear deterrence serves as the strongest treasured sword for frustrating outsiders ' aggression . " in addition , there has long been a concern that any use of military force against north korea would result in a deadly counterattack against south korea and possibly japan . nearly half of south korea ' s population of 51 million lives within 50 miles of the demilitarized zone ( dmZ ) . ten million live in the capital , seoul , only 30 miles from the dmZ . there are 28 , 500 u . s . troops in south korea plus their family members . a north korean counterattack could kill millions . the north has an estimated 8 , 000 artillery cannons and rocket launchers near the dmZ , many hidden underground , which could fire an estimated 300 , 000 rounds on the south in the first hour of a counterattack . in addition , north korea is believed to have hundreds of ballistic missiles capable of striking south korea and japan . the washington post reported on august 8 , 2017 that the u . s . intelligence community had concluded that north korea has " produced nuclear weapons for ballistic missile delivery , to include delivery by icbm - class missiles . " in the same article , the post reported that the u . s . intelligence community believes the north has up to 60 nuclear weapons . north korea also is known to have chemical weapons and is believed to have a biological weapons program . believing that north korea ' s nuclear weapons and missiles are deterrents it will never give up - and that the cost of attempting to force pyongyang to do so would be too high - many conclude the world needs to learn to live with north korea ' s nuclear and missile arsenal and find a negotiated solution . this is the view of most arms control experts and american lawmakers , as well as the leaders of china , south korea , and russia . since mid - 2017 , north korea , russia , and china have been promoting a " freeze - for - freeze " proposal raised by chinese president xi jinping last spring to reduce tensions with the north . pyongyang would freeze its nuclear and missile programs in exchange for the united states and south korea suspending joint military exercises . the trump administration firmly rejected this proposal since it would not reduce the threat from these weapons and would weaken south korean security . in response to increased u . s . pressure on north korea to end its nuclear program after its possible h - bomb test last september , russian president vladimir putin said north korea " will eat grass but will not stop their program as long as they do not feel safe . " during a recent visit to china , former secretary of state hillary clinton urged negotiations over what she described as the overly antagonistic rhetoric of president trump . clinton also stated that " inaction is a choice as well " in dealing with the north korean threat , an ironic comment given the failure of the obama administration ' s policy of inaction toward north korea . bipartisan policy failures in fairness to the obama administration , north korea ' s nuclear program is a threat several republican and democrat presidents failed to resolve . the george h . w . bush , bill clinton , and george w . bush administrations all attempted diplomacy and concessions to entice pyongyang to end its nuclear weapons program . north korea repeatedly pocketed these concessions but failed to live up to its commitments . on many occasions , there was a cycle of north korean provocations to start multilateral talks that it then would use to extract concessions , making vague commitments and pausing its provocations before resuming them to force new talks to extract more concessions . according to former secretary of state colin powell , north korea started cheating on a 1994 nuclear agreement that the clinton administration negotiated to halt the north ' s nuclear weapons program , the agreed framework , " as the ink was drying . " this was a generous , one - sided agreement that provided north korea with fuel oil and the construction of two light - water nuclear reactors . the agreed framework postponed sending spent fuel rods - a source of plutonium that can be used in bombs - out of the country and did not mention the one or two nuclear weapons the cia believed north korea had at the time . the george w . bush administration tried to strike a nuclear agreement with north korea in 2008 and , as part of these negotiations , agreed to remove north korea from the u . s . state sponsor of terrorism list in october of that year . a few weeks later , after north korea got all the u . s . concessions it was looking for , it backed out of the agreement . a week before president bush left office , north korean officials announced they had weaponized 68 pounds of plutonium - enough for four or five nuclear bombs . strategic patience ' s failure the north korean government ignored the obama administration ' s determined efforts in 2009 to negotiate a nuclear agreement by conducting a long - range missile test in april 2009 and its second nuclear test on may 21 , 2009 . after being repeatedly rebuffed by north korea and preferring to concentrate on getting a nuclear agreement with iran , the obama administration adopted " strategic patience " in mid - 2012 , a policy of inaction toward north korea , for the rest of the obama years . under strategic patience , the obama administration refused to offer north korea any incentives to resume nuclear talks and insisted that talks would not resume until the north agreed to end its nuclear program . this policy reportedly was based on the assumption that taking no action on the north korea situation was acceptable because pyongyang was unlikely to make the technological advances to turn its primitive nuclear weapons program into a serious regional threat or a threat to the united states . moreover , this policy also reportedly was based on the belief that the north korean regime might collapse if left alone . strategic patience was not designed to solve the north korean threat . it was a policy to kick this problem down the road to the next president . under strategic patience , north korea ' s nuclear and missile programs surged after kim jong un succeeded his father in december 2011 . the north conducted its third nuclear test in 2013 and fourth and fifth tests in 2016 . these tests were of increasing explosive yields . north korea also claimed that it tested miniaturized nuclear devices and a hydrogen bomb in 2013 . north korea engaged in increasingly belligerent rhetoric during this period , including frequent threats to attack the united states with nuclear weapons . there also was a surge in north korea ' s missile program . it conducted 56 missile tests between 2012 and 2016 versus only 31 under the regimes of kim ' s father and grandfather . these included more advanced long - range and medium range missiles , cruise missiles , and solid - fueled missiles . enter the trump team north korea has ignored tougher rhetoric by president trump and continued to expand its nuclear and missile programs in 2017 . it conducted an underground nuclear test on september 3 , 2017 that it claims was an h - bomb and had an explosive yield of as much as 250 kilotons . this would be 25 times more powerful than north korea ' s second largest nuclear test in september 2016 . north korea also conducted 20 missile tests in 2017 . these included more advanced designs such as icbms , a solid - fueled medium - range missile and a new intermediate - range missile . north korea ' s november 29 , 2017 icbm test reached 2 , 800 miles on a lofted trajectory into space and may have been capable of striking anywhere in united states on a normal trajectory . there are growing concerns that rapid advances in north korea ' s nuclear and missile programs over the last few years may have been due to assistance from other countries , possibly china , russia , ukraine or pakistan , and outside experts . in addition , some experts - including amb . john bolton - worry that north korea and iran may be collaborating in their nuclear and missile programs and that tehran may be " outsourcing " its nuclear weapons research to north korea . that way , iran would not be found in violation of a 2015 nuclear agreement , the joint comprehensive plan of action ( jcpoa ) , meant to limit its nuclear weapons development . president trump ' s anti - north korean rhetoric , including a threat in his september 2017 un general assembly speech to " totally destroy " north korea if it threatens u . s allies , and tweets criticizing north korea as well as china and south korea for not pressuring the north have been controversial , but they also appear to have succeeded in helping pass stronger un sanctions and convincing china to enforce them . an offensive force president trump has condemned prior u . s . administrations for negotiations with north korea , which he claims amounted to appeasement . the president has been similarly critical of recent calls to negotiate a freeze on north korea ' s nuclear and missile programs because this would lock in these programs and because of concerns that pyongyang would cheat on such an agreement . a new factor affecting u . s . north korea policy is that pyongyang ' s nuclear weapon and missile efforts have grown so much in size and sophistication that they can no longer be considered solely , or even primarily , a deterrent . these weapons probably are being developed as an offensive force that pyongyang will one day use to achieve its most important foreign policy objective : unifying the korean peninsula under its leadership . such weapons could also be used to drive america forces from the region and possibly to attack u . s . territory . the possibility that these weapons are being developed with iranian funding and could be shared with iran also argues against considering them as only or mainly a deterrent the world can live with . due to miscalculation or error during tests of its ever more advanced nuclear weapons and missiles , as well as the north ' s refusal to agree to talks to denuclearize the korean peninsula , chances of a war with north korea are increasing . the trump administration took the right approach in 2017 by increasing sanctions and pressing nations worldwide to sever ties to the north . but president trump now must weigh the risk of the limited use of military force given north korea ' s refusal to yield to peaceful pressure and the growing likelihood that the north plans to use these weapons in the future . limited use of force might be declaring a missile no - fly zone over north korea , shooting down any missiles pyongyang tests , a naval blockade , and stopping and searching north korean ships for wmd - related cargo . deciding to take such action may be the most difficult decision mr . trump will make as president . but i believe he has determined correctly that the global risk posed by north korea ' s nuclear and missile programs has become so serious that he cannot kick this threat down the road to the next president .
in the last couple of months , the black lives matter sign that hangs from a post on the front lawn of our church has been vandalized several times . sometimes the metal sign has been severely bent . other times , someone has
for the first time in nearly a decade , a sitting u . s . president has released a powerful defense of the humanity of the unborn in a declaration for the 2018 national sanctity of human life day , which is monday . science continues to support and build the case for life , president trump wrote in his statement from the white house . medical technologies allow us to see images of the unborn children moving their newly formed fingers and toes , yawning and even smiling . those images present us with irrefutable evidence that babies are growing within their mothers wombs precious , unique lives , each deserving a future filled with promise and hope . trump restored the practice of issuing such a declaration after it had been abandoned by barack obama . the first such declaration came from president ronald reagan and was continued by presidents george h . w . bush and george w . bush . the practice was ignored by bill clinton . along with abortion , the event addresses concerns for the elderly , infirm and disabled . trump s reference to the advances of science is relative to the 1973 u . s . supreme court decision that created a right to privacy , which is not mentioned in the u . s . constitution the right to abortion . justice harry blackmun , who wrote the opinion , conceded that if the fetus is a person , the newly created justification for abortion would collapse , because the unborn s right to life would then be guaranteed by the constitution . read the tested and proven strategies to defeat the abortion cartel , in abortion free : your manual for building a pro - life america one community at a time . kevin theriot , a senior counsel for the alliance defending freedom and vice president of the organization s center for life , said all innocent human life deserves to be protected , and so does the freedom of those who selflessly empower women at no charge to choose life for their children . as the president wrote in his proclamation declaring jan . 22 to be national sanctity of human life day , citizens throughout our great country are working for the cause of life and fighting for the unborn , driven by love and supported by both science and philosophy , he said . these compassionate americans are volunteers who assist women through difficult pregnancies , facilitate adoptions , and offer hope to those considering or recovering from abortions . ' theriot said adf is seeking to protect the rights of pro - lifers in the u . s . supreme court case national institute of family and life advocates v . becerra . in that case , the government is forcing pro - life advocates to provide free advertising for the abortion industry , he said . americans shouldn t be forced to communicate a message at odds with their core beliefs . instead , they should be allowed to celebrate life on this day and every day . in his declaration monday , trump said : today , we focus our attention on the love and protection each person , born and unborn , deserves regardless of disability , gender , appearance , or ethnicity . much of the greatest suffering in our nation s history and , indeed , our planet s history has been the result of disgracefully misguided attempts to dehumanize whole classes of people based on these immutable characteristics . we cannot let this shameful history repeat itself in new forms , and we must be particularly vigilant to safeguard the most vulnerable lives among us . the day is celebrated , he said , to affirm the truth that all life is sacred , that every person has inherent dignity and worth , and that no class of people should ever be discarded as non - human . ' therefore he wrote , the nation s concerns include the health of pregnant mothers and their unborn children . it animates our concern for single moms ; the elderly , the infirm , and the disabled ; and orphan and foster children . it compels us to address the opioid epidemic and to bring aid to those who struggle with mental illness . he commended the americans who are seeking to protect the unborn . these compassionate amerians are volunteers who assist women through difficult pregnancies , facilitate adoptions , and offer hope to those considering or recovering from abortions . they are medical providers who , often at the risk of their lifelihood , conscientiously refuse to participate in abortions . and they are legislators who support health and safety standards , informed consent , parental notification , and bans on late - term abortions , when babies can feel pain . the president said these undeterred warriors , many of whom travel to washington , d . c . , every year for the march for life , are changing hearts and saving lives through their passionate defense of and loving care for all human lives . on friday , trump became the first sitting u . s . president to address the march for life in a speech from the rose garden that was broadcast live to the tens of thousands gathered at the national mall . though the fight to protect life is not yet over , we commit to advocating each day for all who cannot speak for themselves , the president said . i call on all americans to reflect on the value of our lives ; to respond to others in keeping with their inherent dignity ; to act compassionately to those with disabilities , infirmities , or frailties , to look beyond external factors that might separate us ; and to embrace the common humanity that unites us .
an ancient tension in christian discipleship often trips us up . are we capable of doing what god asks us to do if we are , why do we not follow the divine guidance more this debate is as old as augustine
we are living in a time in the united states when helping seems to be a zero sum game . if we tend to the well being of others , we are somehow diminished and our economic security is compromised . the erosion of compassion leads to a spiritual death , and the ability to inure ourselves to the needs of others threatens the common good .
resources mentioned on the radio and podcast
another big religious freedom case in federal court . and in this case , there s a ray of hope . for more than three decades , kelvin cochran built a record of service and expertise that made him one of the most respected fire chiefs in the country . he was the first african - american fire chief in shreveport , louisiana . he was among the responders to hurricane katrina . president obama appointed him as the u . s . fire administrator , whose job is to improve both fire prevention and response across the country . and until a few years ago , he was the chief of the atlanta fire department , a job he would probably still hold if city officials had any respect for cochran s rights to freedom of religion and freedom of speech . cochran got into trouble over a book he wrote on his own time for a small group that he led in his church . the book entitled who told you that you were naked , was directed at christian men seeking to fulfill their biblical roles as husbands , fathers , community and business leaders . six of the book s 162 pages yes , that s 3 . 7 percent addressed a biblical perspective on sexuality . as david french summed up , cochran took the completely conventional , orthodox christian position that sex outside of male female marriage is contrary to god s will , which is the position of the catholic church and every orthodox protestant denomination in the united states . unfortunately , orthodoxy is defined very differently at atlanta s city hall . when the contents of cochran s book came to the attention of mayor kasim reed , reed ultimately fired cochran , but not before saying when you re a city employee , and [ your ] thoughts , beliefs , and opinions are different from the city s , you have to check them at the door . that makes it sound like cochran was fired for his beliefs ; but the city denied that . instead it claimed that he was let go because he didn t obtain permission before publishing the book . the problem is that , constitutionally - speaking , the city cannot require employees to get permission before expressing their religious views . late last month , a federal court agreed . it concluded that the atlanta pre - clearance policy does not pass constitutional muster because it does not set out objective standards for the supervisor to employ . as a result , the opinion continues , it would prevent an employee from writing and selling a book on golf or badminton on his own time and , without prior approval , would subject him to firing . it s unclear to the court how such an outside employment would ever affect the city s ability to function , and the city provides no evidence to justify it . . . the potential for stifled speech far outweighs an unsupported assertion of harm . unfortunately for cochran , that glass is only half - full . the court rejected cochran s claim that his rights to free speech and freedom of religion were violated by his firing . still , as alliance defending freedom attorney kevin theriot emphasizes , the court ruled that cochran s firing was unconstitutional . according to theriot , who represented cochran , the ruling sets a precedent that says that government employers have to be very careful about how they restrict the speech of their employees when they re talking about non - work related stuff . this is a real concern . rules like atlanta s have had a chilling effect on the free speech of people on platforms such as social media . people have legitimately feared the consequences of speaking up for traditional christian beliefs even on their own time . this ruling is an important step in the direction of eliminating that chill . where does that leave cochran himself despite media reports to the contrary , he s in a position to recover his lost wages and benefits . there s even a remote possibility he could get his job back . in a just and sane world kelvin cochran would not have had to endure what he has endured . but i m grateful for his courage and i pray that he ll receive some compensation for the wrong done to him . judge rules for kelvin cochran : government can t put out the fire of faith learn more about the outcome of kelvin cochran s case before the federal court . check out the links in the resources section below .
fema will no longer discriminate . for the colson center , i m john stonestreet with the point . churches in houston and other places affected by disaster will no longer be disqualified from federal funding to help them rebuild . as christianity today reported , the very first line of a new 200 + page guide released by fema reads , private nonprofit houses of worship will not be singled out for disfavored treatment . . . previously , fema barred organizations involved in religious activities such as worship , proselytizing , and religious instruction from their public assistance program designed to help organizations rebuild after natural disasters . arbitrarily identifying religious activities as what disqualifies a non - profit from government funding programs is a religious test , an idea that the Us supreme court obliterated in last year s trinity lutheran case in which a church was denied help from the state in building a playground because they were a church . in fact , the new fema guide specifically mentions the trinity lutheran case as a reason for the policy change . and that s good news , indeed .
because our bodies matter to god and not just in a moral sense our rest matters to god , too . so much so , he built it into the rhythms of the universe . do you proclaim with the psalmist : awake , my soul awake , harp and lyre i will awaken the dawn . i will praise you , lord , among the nations ( psalm 57 : 8 ) do you climb out of bed each morning and sing with joy about god s unfailing love ( psalm 59 : 16 ) if not , ( and for the record , i rarely do ) , maybe it s because we are among the one in three americans who don t get enough sleep . seriously . last year , the centers for disease control declared a new public health crisis : sleep deprivation . millions are failing night after night to get the recommended seven to nine hours of rest , putting them at increased risk for health problems from anxiety and depression to diabetes and heart disease . by some estimates , widespread lack of sleep is costing american employers over 100 billion annually in lost production , medical expenses , and sick leave . more in - depth research finds that twenty straight hours without sleep is the equivalent of being legally drunk . and sleep specialists are sounding the alarm that drowsy driving is just as deadly as drunk driving and more common . so what s behind this epidemic of sleep deprivation why are americans these days so incapable of turning off the lights and going to bed the answer is in our pockets . a growing body of research demonstrates that the frequency of light produced by smart phones , laptops and tablets triggers the release of chemicals in our brains that tell us , it s time to wake up its morning the dreary glow of screens also drains our concentration and creativity . a study in the journal social psychology reported that even having a smart phone nearby degraded the quality of subjects work and studies , because it reminded them of their online social circles . so what do we do to counteract this perfect storm of sleep deprivation and tech addiction writing at motherboard , kaleigh rogers describes her radical solution : she banned screens from her home for a full month . no tV , computers , or smart phones . cold turkey . unlike healthy eating and exercise good habits that take weeks or months to make a difference rogers says her tech - free experiment yielded immediate and astonishing results . the first few days were like a dream , she writes . we d come home , put on some music , cook dinner together , and then unimaginably we d sit at the table and eat . after dinner , stuart would play guitar while i read . chores were done promptly and without hesitation . it was blissful . okay , that s all great . but breakpoint isn t a self - help program . so what s all this got to do with a christian worldview well , let s go back to the beginning . god created day and he created night . a time to work , and a time to rest . the sabbath , remember , begins in the evening , and we enter into an earthly rest in anticipation of resting eternally in god s presence . remember too that we re not pure spirits . we re embodied spirits . the state of our body affects the state of our spirit . it s why we avoid drunkenness and bodily immorality . it s why we try to stay fit . it s no wonder then , as kate shellnutt writes at christianity today , that those who get quality sleep report feeling closer to god and having better faith lives overall . and also , as charles spurgeon said , god gives us sleep to remind us we are not him . we have limits . he doesn t . we lie down at night trusting in god s care , open to him speaking to us , trusting him to revive these earthen vessels of ours in the morning ready once again to join with god in his work to restore all thing in jesus . now i m not saying give up your cell phone or facebook ( especially if you read breakpoint on them ) . but i am saying don t let them deprive you of god s gift of sleep , and in turn all the personal interaction , productivity , creativity , and especially spiritual vitality that make us fully human as god intended . ( this commentary originally aired february 22 , 2017 . ) your body , your spirit , and a good night s sleep : why rest matters as john said , god meant for us to experience refreshment and rejuvenation in body and spirit through rest . for more research on the benefits of a good night s sleep , check out the resources linked below . find a breakpoint radio station in your area click here .
resources mentioned on the radio and podcast
liberal theology doesn t draw a crowd . for the colson center , i m john stonestreet with the point . a recent survey by lGBt advocacy group church clarity , found that none of the 100 largest churches in america affirm same - sex unions . these churches represent over a million christians , and show that despite a media and political class that s mostly accepted so - called same - sex marriage , the biggest churches in this country are not raising the rainbow flag . mark tooley of the institute on religion and democracy says that while this doesn t mean all megachurches necessarily have solid theology , it does show that twisting scripture to suit the sexual revolution doesn t fill the pews . this is especially clear when you contrast megachurches and conservative denominations many of which are growing with dying , mainline , liberal protestant churches . now , the news isn t all good . the survey also found that while these megachurches weren t affirming of homosexual relationships , many have not made their position public , or clear . that s a pity , because christ was clear about the definition of marriage . and his bride should be too .
open doors usa has released its annual report on the persecution of christians . and numbers don t tell the whole story . one of the greatest persecutors of christians of all time , soviet premier josef stalin , was purported to have said the following : a single death is a tragedy , a million deaths is a statistic . stalin would have known . millions of christians perished during his dictatorship . but the saying was spot on . like an old vinyl lp with a scratch on it , we keep hearing the horrible statistics over and over about christian persecution worldwide statistics that can numb us to the individual tragedies . and that s why i want to thank the ceo of open doors usa , david curry , for the way he began last week s press conference where open doors released its 2018 world watch list , which details the 50 most dangerous countries for christians . curry painted a picture of tragedy . today , he said , i m dedicating this moment . . . to a 47 - year - old nun who , like mother teresa , works with the poorest of the poor in india . curry told the story of how despite threats on her life from hindu extremists , she continued her ministry in the name of jesus . two hindu extremists , curry went on , came to her medical clinic , attacked her , raped her , drugged her , and left her unconscious , tied to a bed . when the police came to investigate , they began to systematically destroy evidence , and had the shoddiest of investigative processes . that s what justice [ for christians ] is like in india today . and that my friends , is what the tragic persecution of christians around the globe looks like . according to the 2018 world watch list , for the 16 th year in a row , north korea retains the no . 1 danger spot for christians . yet the gap between kim jong - un s totalitarian state and other countries is closing . afghanistan has moved up to second place . afghanistan and north korea nearly tied , says curry . both countries are extreme in intolerance and outright persecution of christians in every area open doors monitors . . . this is a tragedy considering the efforts being made by the international community to help rebuild afghanistan are failing to ensure freedom of religion . and while the public here in the u . s . is focusing on the disturbing revelations of sexual harassment in hollywood , the media , and halls of government , around the globe an even - more sinister assault is taking place , and christian women are among the most vulnerable . every day , open doors says , six women are raped , sexually harassed or forced into marriage to a muslim under threat of death due to their christian faith . like habiba , a 14 - year old nigerian girl kidnapped on her way to work , married off to a muslim man , then sold into slavery for 160 . there have been an appalling 2 , 260 incidents documented against women and as curry makes clear , this is likely only a fraction of those actually raped or harassed . a few other facts from the report : nearly one in every 12 christians worldwide lives in a place where christianity is illegal , forbidden , or punished ; of the 50 countries on the list , 30 saw an increase in persecution ; and 22 of the 50 are on the asian continent . please , come to breakpoint . org , click on this commentary , and i ll link you to the 2018 open doors world watch list . share it with your friends and neighbors in person and on social media . get it into the hands of your pastor . send the link to your representatives in congress . and bring it to your prayer group . make a point of praying for the persecuted , that god would give his people endurance , and that he would work all things together for good even in the midst of suffering and tragedy . the very human tragedy of persecution : open doors usa s 2018 world watch list get involved in interceding for the global christian community . many are experiencing extreme persecution , and yet their light shines brightly . click here to listen to open doors usa ceo david curry at the world watch list report 2018 press conference , and here to read the 2018 report .
when someone states that he or she was born this way , maybe the most biblical response is , me too . the huffington post is all in a huff over a stupendous viral video about homosexuality and the gospel a video that s racked up nearly 2 million views . created by the christian media ministry anchored north , this production gives every appearance of being just another coming out story by a lesbian woman . emily thomes tells of how it went terribly when she revealed her first romantic relationship with a woman to her father . in her southern lilt , she describes the conviction at age twenty that if anyone in the bible belt was truly a christian , they would approve of her lifestyle . if not , she says , then you were legalistic and you needed to re - read what god was really about : judge not . then , at twenty - two , thomes was invited to attend a ladies bible study . certain the women would reject her , she gave it the old college try . but something strange happened . thomes was not shunned by these christian women . as a result , she began asking herself questions : what if it s all true are you sure this is who you are she turned to the bible to see if her ideas about what real christians believe were accurate , and soon found herself in the sin list of 1 corinthians 6 . paul s promise of judgement , she says , scared her . i realized i was in the will not enter the kingdom of god lineup . and then she read verse 11 : and such were some of you . but you were washed , you were sanctified , you were justified . the freedom promised in this verse ultimately opened her eyes . i could hold onto my sin and reject god , she says , or i could turn to him . all the debt that i racked up living like i had lived didn t have to be mine predictably , huffpo slams thomes story as a commercial for the scientifically discredited and flat - out lethal idea that gay , lesbian , or bisexual people can change their sexual orientation if they pray hard enough . they quote one so - called queer christian writer and pastor who insists a robust , christ - centered theology teaches that god accepts every lifestyle , that he is all gracious , all merciful , and extends forgiveness and love to absolutely everyone . the irony is that thomes would agree that god extends forgiveness and love to all . the difference is that her idea of forgiveness involves repentance , and being born again . people regularly confront her with the refrain of the lgbt movement : i was born this way . her reply yeah , me too . you re not born with right affections . that s why jesus had to come . you re feeling a desire for sin just proves you need grace like me . this answer is more than just a good one . it s the definitive response from a christian worldview to those who insist sexual desires define them . what thomes story so beautifully portrays and what proves to be such a stumbling block to the editorial staff at the huffington post is a little something called the gospel . it s the same message preached by other disciples called out of the gay lifestyle , like rosaria butterfield , who no longer identify themselves by their desires , but in christ . secular news outlets want to associate this with so - called conversion therapy , the once popular practice of trying to clinically cure homosexuality . but as thomes says , the transformation we undergo in christ isn t from gay to straight . despite being happily married in the lord today , she reminds viewers that god calls us not to heterosexuality but to holiness . the central lie of the lgbt movement and the sexual revolution is that our sin and our desire for it are our identity even something in which to take pride . but the good news of christianity is that in jesus , we can have a new identity . we need no longer be enslaved to our fallen passions . we were made for something better . your desires don t define you : emily thomes story click here to view the video of emily thomes testimony . and continue to pray , as emily reminds us , that christ s call to holiness will be heard and responded to by all .
comment policy : commenters are welcome to argue all points of view , but they are asked to do it civilly and respectfully . comments that call names , insult other people or groups , use profanity or obscenity , repeat the same points over and over , or make personal remarks about other commenters will be deleted . after multiple infractions , commenters may be banned .
maybe pc should be changed to pd : potentially deadly . for the colson center , i m john stonestreet with the point . to judge the truth of a worldview , chuck colson always said , follow it to its logical conclusion . and the conclusion of any worldview that denies biological realities like male and female is anything but logical . in britain for instance , the uk telegraph reports that women who identify as men are not being routinely offered potentially life - saving . . . screening for breast and cervical cancer , amid fears it might offend them . and then get this , men living as women are being invited for cervical smear tests even though they do not have a cervix . when will someone stop this crazy train as one conservative women s rights leader said , we ve now got to the point where state collusion with this transgender agenda is endangering the health of women . it s ludicrous . . . to invite men for a cervical smear test , while it s immoral and dangerous not to invite women . we ll say it again ideas have consequences , and bad ideas really have victims .
provided by cnnnext . com published on may 13 , 2015 ismael ozanne , the dane county district attorney general , told the press that he will not be pursuing provided by cnnnext . com published on may 13 , 2015 ismael ozanne , the dane county district attorney general , told the press that he will not be pursuing criminal charges against matt kenny , the madison police officer responsible for the fatal shooting of tony robinson , 19 , in march . manuel rapalo has the latest details and the response from the robinson family .
published on aug 27 , 2014 prOVidEd by cnnnext . com during the long run of republican leadership , prior to the great depression , corporate published on aug 27 , 2014 prOVidEd by cnnnext . com during the long run of republican leadership , prior to the great depression , corporate america and the republicans had an agreement . government would not regulate , and business would not be limited by checks and balances . corporations were able to generate bigger profits at the expense of workers , consumers , the u . s . treasury , and the u . s . economy . the big were gobbled up by the bigger , and the concept of arms length competition was illusory . deregulation increased profits , but none of those profits trickled down to the workers . it was laissez - faire government at its worst . myths were created about corporations and capitalism . a few of those myths were that a publicly held corporation has no duty to the public except to maximize profits for its shareholders . in other words , ignore the fact that the corporation could never exist without the roads , law enforcement , court systems , and military that tax payers provide the corporation so it can do business . that myth ignored the billions of dollars the public spends every year on research and development that taxpayers dish out at universities through medical research , military research , agricultural research and hundreds of other areas where that corporation benefits from that research .
email password remember me forgot password sign in still no account please go to sign up
a russia - led initiative involving china and pakistan that seeks a political settlement to afghanistan s civil war has the makings of a diplomatic alliance that could supplant the united states as the leading power in central asia . the grouping was unveiled after a third meeting in moscow late last month and may be expanded to include regional powers iran and turkey , which formed a separate tripartite grouping on syria with russia in talks preceding the parleys on afghanistan . the afghan government reacted angrily to the moscow meeting , to which it had not been invited , because the meeting proposed the relaxation of un restrictions on the movement of key taliban figures involved in pre - dialogue negotiations . this contradicted kabul s call in november for the un to blacklist taliban chief mullah haibatullah akhundzada because of his refusal to enter peace talks . instead , the tripartite talks in moscow echoed one of two taliban preconditions for dialogue with kabul , reiterated by spokesman zabihullah mujahid earlier in december . the other condition is the withdrawal of us - led nato forces from afghanistan . this is a focused attempt to deal with the aftermath of western withdrawal from afghanistan and an opportunity that russia senses might have opened up for itself in central asia . after west asia , it s central asia where [ russian president vladimir ] putin feels he can reassert russian authority and china is happy to provide a helping hand , said harsh v . pant , a professor of international relations at king s college london . however , if we take the indo - pacific strategic landscape , there china is the leader and russia will have to follow china s lead . the emerging quid pro quo between moscow and beijing comes amid uncertainty over whether us president - elect donald trump will endorse an agreement reached last july by leaders of the atlantic alliance to extend financial and military support to the afghan security forces until the end of 2020 .
early friday , police in shelburne , vermont received a call about a man with a knife smashing out car windows at harbor place , a local hotel that provides temporary emergency housing services for the homeless . wcax news that female , was a 73 - year - old meals on wheels volunteer who was dropping off meals on the regular route . it is unclear what provoked the attack , but police say 32 - year - old abukar ibrahim was the one with a machete . he attacked the woman who sustained multiple injuries . she was sent to the hospital , and later released . the attacker reportedly barricaded himself into a room at the hotel for over two hours , before finally emerging . the police took ibrahim into custody , and he is now facing attempted murder charges . he is being held at the chittenden regional correctional facility , and is scheduled to be arraigned before a judge on monday . the victim was taken to the hospital with multiple injuries , but was later released with a significant leg wound . no further information has been provided yet about ibrahim . he was described in the news report as a burlington man , indicating he lives in burlington , vermont . this was nOt a vermont man , as the article would have you believe , this is a foreigner in vermont , and the second machete attack to happen in just a few months < URL > [ email protected ] ( 1 proudamcitizen ) january 6 , 2018
if you ve been hiding under a rock , then you ve missed out on the inability of congress to reach a bipartisan agreement on a measure to fund the government . therefore , the government suffered a shutdown . of course , this has lead many to point their fingers at each other blaming the other party . it s to be expected especially from donald trump and his family . trump , who has said in the past the country needed a shutdown , has continued to blame the democratic party for the shutdown saying they d rather allow illegal immigrants in the country than pay the american military for their service . the republican party and trump have talked nonstop about how this is a disservice to those in the military , which it is . while congress gets paid , military members and their families go without paychecks . however , trump s son eric trump went on fox and talked about how a government shutdown was good for the republican party and his dad . in a phone interview on justice with judge jeanine saturday night , he remarked : honestly , i think it s a good thing for us , because people see through it . i mean , people have seen a year that s incredible . it s been filled with nothing but the best for our country , america first policies , and they re happy with where we are as a nation it has the democrats worried . he went on to say the government shutdown was only a ploy on the part of democrats who want to take away from the successes of daddy trump s administration . the only reason they want to shut down government is to distract and to stop his momentum . i mean , my father has had incredible momentum . he has gotten more done in one year than arguably any president in history . and so how do they divert from that message how do they save their own party when they don t have any leadership , they don t have any good candidates out there , they don t have a message of their own how do they do that they obstruct , they distract , they try and place blame . my father was elected for one reason , and that s because he actually believes in putting america first , which is overwhelming among the citizens of this country . watch : judgejeanine s full interview with erictrump . pic . twitter . com / wqbuz6nrKh fox news ( foxnews ) january 21 , 2018 there are some major problems with eric s points . first off , it is a well - known fact that the ruling party in congress usually suffers the most in the public opinion during a government shutdown . republicans rule all facets of the government with a majority in both house and senate and a republican president . republicans can celebrate they scored a trending hashtag with schumershutdown ; however , they are the majority party in congress . this is not a good thing for them if you go back through history and look at previous government shutdowns . furthermore , to revel in the fact that a government shutdown is good for your party either way while service members go without pay after they ve risked their lives for our freedom that s absolutely disgusting and is the very definition of deplorable . it is shameful of eric to go on air and say that . not to mention , it s really really stupid and makes for bad optics and soundbites . eric needs to stick with running his daddy s business and stay out of politics because he has no clue whatsoever what he s talking about . featured image screenshot via youtube .
with the government shutdown , many government services have been or will be closed down . until an agreement is reached in congress that trump will actually sign , the military will go without pay , federal employees will be furloughed , and national parks and monuments will be closed . unless you re in new york that is . new york governor andrew cuomo took to twitter and announced the statue of liberty would remain open despite the government shutdown . he tweeted : new york state will reopen the statue of liberty and ellis island . we will not stand by as this symbol of freedom and opportunity goes dark . he noted the statue of liberty served as a means of tourist dollars . however , he noted the symbolic importance the statue of liberty plays . shutting down the park jeopardizes an economic driver for the state of new york . but the statue of liberty is more than just an economic driver . this park is a symbol of new york and our values . and her message has never been as important as it is today . considering just why the government is shutdown , the statue of liberty s symbolism is beyond important . currently , democrats will not support a measure unless it addresses the plight of dreaMers , children who were brought into the children by their parents illegally . republicans have refused to address it and have tried to blame democrats for just wanting to allow illegal immigrants into the country . furthermore , reuters reported the gOP will not talk about immigration whatsoever until the government is funded . republicans said they would refuse to negotiate on immigration until democrats provide the votes to re - open the government . democrats insisted they have been willing to compromise but republicans backed out of deals . furthermore , white house spokesperson sarah huckabee sanders said trump will not participate in any talks on immigration until the government is open again . the president will not negotiate on immigration reform until democrats stop playing games and reopen the government . whether they negotiate on immigration or not , it doesn t really matter much for them . congress continues to receive their paycheck . it doesn t matter what they are doing . they ll get paid regardless even if talks break down , and it all comes to a standstill . what should matter is that military service members are going without pay . additionally , children who were brought here by their parents will face deportation if congress doesn t act . as adults , they have known america as their only home . republicans have said they want to help dreaMers . trump has said he wants to help dreaMers . what s the problem the problem is it is just a ploy on their part to fool americans into believing they care . along with not addressing their plight , republicans have used the chiP program against the democrats as a means of forcing their hands to vote for a measure that would address none of the issues that need a solution as soon as possible . republicans are using the lives of children and actual individuals who should be considered 100 percent american for political gain . featured image by drew angerer / getty images .
once a year , the grocery stores start stocking their produce shelves with these delicious red little sour berries . cranberries are the perfect addition to your turkey dinner or your muffins and other baked goods . while eating them straight can pucker up your face , when made with tender love and care cranberries create a delicious taste that reminds you of the holidays and the autumn time of year . if your one use for cranberries is cranberry sauce , this recipe will give you a new way to look at these nutrient - packed berries . below we ll share the steps to make cranberry orange cake that can wow your family and friends . it s a crowdpleaser that you can add to your thanksgiving table or just break out at any point during the holidays . below we ve included both the written recipe and a video version so all your questions about making cranberry orange cake can be answered . get baking this autumn delight tonight are you ready to make this delectable dessert then go to the grocery store and pick up the following items . you won t regret it : ingredients for cranberry orange cake the perfect addition to any autumn dinner : - 3 large eggs , room temp . - 2 cups granulated sugar - 3 / 4 cups ( 6 oz ) unsalted butter , room temp . - 1 tsp . vanilla extract - 1 / 4 tsp . table salt - zest of one orange - 2 cups all - purpose flour - 12 oz fresh cranberries now that you have all your ingredients gathered and you re ready to create , preheat your oven to 350 degrees f . then in your stand mixer , combine the room temperature eggs and the granulated sugar . combine them gently with a whisk . you ll know you ve whipped them enough when the mix turns a pale yellow and has thickened . when the volume in the bowl has doubled , you re done . this takes about three to five minutes . now add your softened butter to the bowl . then pour in the vanilla and the orange zest . mix this deliciousness until all the ingredients are incorporated . now it s time to add the flour . fold this in with a spatula . then pour your little delicious cranberries into the stand mixer bowl . now stir it all up with a spatula . when that s all combined evenly , pour it into a coated 9 inch by 13 inch baking pan . you can either spray it with cooking oil or line it with aluminum foil and spray that with cooking oil . the aluminum foil option makes it much easier to remove from the pan once it s done baking . with your oven preheated , bake your cranberry orange cake for 45 - 50 minutes . you ll know it is done when the top has browned and a toothpick or butter knife stabbed into its center comes out clean . remove your cake from the oven and then let it cool for a few minutes . then cut it into 16 even squares . serve when it is no longer piping hot . you can store any leftover cake in your refrigerator if there is any leftover that is . remember , this is a crowd favorite . watch the video below for a visual on how to bake this .
you may already be aware , but there is a new trend going around that involves everyone s morning routine at least for coffee drinkers . millions of people drink coffee every day in america and a lot of them have more than one cup ( i m on my third as i write this ) . if you re one of those people who puts cream and sugar in their coffee , or maybe milk , then you need to discover the reasons why butter is better . not only does it give you that creamy taste you already love in your coffee , it has other benefits . let s learn more about the popular trend of putting butter in your morning coffee . when adding butter to your coffee , there is only one kind of fat that you should use grass - fed butter . in stores , the most common one that you may find is called kerrygold which hails from ireland . this european butter is not only delicious and high quality , it is a healthier choice . many american cows are fed soy and corn because it is cheap . but what cow eats these grains naturally none . cows are supposed to graze on grass in a wide - open field . so when cows are given a grass - fed diet , the milk and meat they produce is much healthier and more natural . it s just common sense . cows that are fed soy and corn produce fats that are not good for your body . why because they don t fully digest the corn and soy . but grass - fed cows easily digest their diet and produce the best milk and beef . that s why you want butter produced from grass - fed cows . with that cleared up , you should add grass - fed butter to your coffee because it gives you the fats that help regulate your cholesterol levels . these butters have a balance of omega - 6 and omega - 3 fatty acids and provide ample amounts of vitamin k . these all reduce your risk of heart disease . the grass - fed butter also gives your brain a boost . the healthy fats create stronger cell walls and hormones . these have even been shown to help reduce your risk of neurodegenerative diseases like dementia . plus , you ll have more efficient energy expenditure . when you add the grass - fed butter to your morning , your body will be better prepared to burn fat throughout the day . this will help you achieve your weight loss goals . this has been shown to be particularly effective for people who are overweight . while eating butter alone won t help you shed the pounds , it can help you get on the right track to achieving the look you want . check out the video below to see a recipe for how to make this delicious and healthy morning coffee for yourself with a boost in cognitive function , you ll be more effective throughout the day . who wouldn t want that this can even help your body create energy from fat rather than carbohydrates , which helps you lose weight . ad just two tablespoons of grass - fed butter into your morning coffee . this could even help you replace an entire meal . you ll get essential nutrients and calories without a lot of carbohydrates that go unused and get stored as fat in your belly or thighs . are you ready to add grass - fed butter to your coffee please sHaRe yOUR tHOUGHts in the comments below now
there are some pretty bizarre things in the guinness book of world records , as people will go to great lengths to be listed in the record book . one man made it his mission to be recognized as having the stretchiest skin and another opted to eat the most big mac s . and of course , there are those who try hard to have the most piercings and tattoos just so they break the previous record . there was even a guy who had the longest metal coil passed through his nose and out his mouth . and let s not forget the guy who worked hard to hold a table in his mouth while balancing a 110 - pound woman on it and walking across a room . well , the latest of these records involves a woman who just happened to stumble across what just might be the biggest avocado of all time . when pamela wang was on a walk in kailua , hawaii she came across a five - pound avocado . if you are a fan of the fatty fruit then you would be as excited as she was to pick up the food that was the size of her head . she found it underneath a tree that hung over a street . it s a wonder that this giant avocado wasn t seen before it fell to the ground . considering it fell on a public street , she was free to grab it and claim it as her own . wang admitted that she sees these single - seeded berries every day but this one stood out . i see avocados every day , and i pick up avocados every day , but this one it was hard to miss , wang said . it was as big as my head . wang didn t hesitate to pick up the avocado and show it off to her friends , who immediately went online to find other recorded avocados of its size . since they didn t find one of the five - pound stature , she submitted an application to the guinness book of world records , and she is expecting to hear back within two months . because the guinness book of world records requires a professional to be present for this type of thing , wang had the executive director of hawaii tropical fruit growers , ken love , there for the weighing of the massive fruit . i ve seen avocados longer and i ve seen them fatter , but not both , said love , who verified the fruit s weight at 5 . 23 pounds . i think people have other ones that they don t weigh , but i think this one , it was way up there . according to the assistant public relations manager of guinness , elizabeth montoya , the company has yet to have a category for the largest avocado but it does have one for the heaviest . and of course , commenters had a lot of humorous jokes to tell what do you call an avocado blessed by the pope holy guacamole you re going to need a bigger chip . and others felt that maybe she should ve told the owners of the tree if that avocado used to be connected to my tree , i think i d be rather upset with this woman
you probably already know that processed meats are bad for you . no one ever pretended that eating a diet loaded with hot dogs , sausages and bacon was ever going to get you a pair of six pack abs or the body of a model . but did you know that these processed meats are about as bad for you as smoking cigarettes . one of the most popular food items in the united states , at least during the summer and at sports games , the hot dog is a cancer causing item . because hot dogs are easy to prepare and taste good , they are extremely popular among children and adults alike . but when you see how these popular items are made , you will be so repulsed that you may never buy them again . this new information paired with the fact that they cause cancer may repulse you , but it could keep you alive for longer . check this out and share this data today hot dogs were featured on how it s made a few years ago . and when you see the process this meat goes through to get prepared to be put into the stores , you ll be shocked . it requires so much more processing than you might ever have imagined . first the scrap pieces of meat are fed into a grinder . from there they re put through metal grates and pieced up even more . they add in chicken pieces to bulk up the quantity of meat at a cheap price . after all the meat is in a vat , it is liquefied . it looks disgusting but this is only part of the processing procedure . at this point , workers toss in food starch , salt and ground mustard seed . they also add any necessary flavoring to make the food even more popular on the shelves and mask the nastiness that goes on behind the scenes . this processed meat goes into a vat where it is combined with water . then the factory adds in corn syrup to sweeten the meat s taste . then they add more water , puree it and then vacuum out any air . while this might sound like a lot , it is not even over . the processing plant does a little more finagling to make the hot dogs you see in store . as you can imagine , this how it s made episode caught some heat when it went live years ago . now that it is on youtube , viewers like you have shared their reactions to the footage . here were a few of the most popular ones : he said pork beef and chicken but they also put a whole donkey and horse . give me the hot dog hey give me the hot dog give me the hot dog just give me the hot dog explodes * some people are not that grossed out . this video doesn t gross me out because it is basically just meat and flavouring bruh , hotdogs could have ebola in them and i wouldn t be bothered . not in the slightest . what do you think about the process of making hot dogs will you ever grill up one of these cancer - causing foods again
expand collapse ( photo : reuters / mike blake ) an emergency sign points to the entrance to scripps memorial hospital in la jolla , california , u . s . march 23 , 2017 . the department of health and human services has unveiled a new division meant to defend the conscience rights of medical professionals who may hold moral or religious objections to things like abortions or gender reassignment surgery . known as the conscience and religious freedom division , the entity will exist under hhs ' office of civil rights and help to enforce conscience rights . ocr director roger severino said in a statement released thursday morning that religious freedom laws are " just empty words on paper if they aren ' t enforced . " " no one should be forced to choose between helping sick people and living by one ' s deepest moral or religious convictions , and the new division will help guarantee that victims of unlawful discrimination find justice , " stated severino . " for too long , governments big and small have treated conscience claims with hostility instead of protection , but change is coming and it begins here and now . " acting hhs secretary eric d . hargan stated that the new division was part of the trump administration ' s overall effort to advance religious liberty protections . " president trump promised the american people that his administration would vigorously uphold the rights of conscience and religious freedom . that promise is being kept today , " stated hargan in a statement released thursday . " the founding fathers knew that a nation that respects conscience rights is more diverse and more free , and ocr ' s new division will help make that vision a reality . " since taking office , president donald trump has sought measures to broaden religious exemptions to hhs policies , like the obama era contraception mandate . last october , the administration passed two new rules allowing for both for - profit and non - profit entities to get exemptions from the affordable care act law requiring employers to provide birth control coverage . " the republican president signed an executive order in may asking for rules that would allow religious groups to deny their employees insurance coverage for services they oppose on religious grounds , " reported reuters last year . " the u . s . department of health and human services on friday moved to broaden those narrow religious exemptions to include an exception ' on the basis of moral conviction ' for non - profit and for - profit companies . " the new division has come under fire from some liberal organizations , who claim that the initiative will be used to advance discrimination . " this is the use of religion to hurt people because you disapprove of who they are , " said harper jean tobin of the national center for transgender equality , as quoted by politico . " any rule that grants a license to discriminate would be a disgrace and a mockery of the principal of religious freedom we all cherish . " others , including ryan t . anderson of the heritage foundation , have argued that this negative portrayal of the new division and its conscience protections are inaccurate . " i don ' t know of a single example of a doctor who ' refuses ' to ' treat transgender patients . ' i do know of some examples of doctors who can ' t do sex - reassignment therapies because they think they are bad medicine , " tweeted anderson on thursday morning .
the validity and usefulness of the term black misleadership class it is both an actual and aspirational class , which ultimately sees its interests as tied to those of u . s . imperialism and its ruling circles . in what he called an afterthought to his december 21 article on the black political class and network neutrality , bar managing editor bruce dixon dropped an unexpected bomb . he now has deep reservations about use of the term black misleadership class , because it implies that there is or ought to be a class of good and righteous black leaders . the term is sloppy and imprecise , dixon writes , adding ( i hope ) sarcastically : maybe the good ones are supposed to be the real blacks and the bad ones unreal . maybe the difference [ is ] having or lacking character , table manners , home training or real blackness , or even some kind of black magic . this is all quite cute , but bears no connection to the way the term black misleadership class has been deployed by every one of bar s editors , including dixon , since the publication s inaugural issue in october , 2006 - - and by dixon , margaret kimberley and myself in our previous duties at the black commentator . it is as if bruce imagines that he has been in the company of narrow black cultural nationalists all these years , and has finally broken loose from such mysticism . he appears to believe that his colleagues - - and , apparently , his former self - - have been guided by perceptions of black leaders authentic or inauthentic blackness , rather than their class allegiance . it is as if bruce imagines that he has been in the company of narrow black cultural nationalists all these years , and has finally broken loose from such mysticism . it s a broad brush , and inflicted on the wrong people . the language of black authenticity seldom appears in black agenda report , and virtually never from the pens of its editors . during barack obama s first presidential campaign , his boosters , mainly in the corporate media , claimed that obama s black detractors were obsessed with the idea that he lacks authentic blackness . however , bar s problem with obama has always been that he is a corporate warmonger an authentic toady for the ruling class . our critique of obama has consistently focused on the class that he serves . but bruce seems to remember things differently . i have so deeply embraced the black misleadership class terminology , i thought i coined it , myself . but , a thorough google search of both bar and the black commentator provides no evidence of my authorship . instead , the first use of black misleaderhip class by anyone appears in the march 17 , 2005 , issue of the black commentator then under my editorship - - in an article by james warren , titled thirty - seven years of non - struggle misleadership . warren , who described himself as having been active in the black and labor movement for over 35 years , refers variously to a black misleadership class and black mis - leadership as standing in the way of our most prized possession the ordinary working class men and women waking up as if from a deep sleep . the next reference to the term appears in the title of bruce dixon s february 9 , 2006 , piece , failure of the black misleadership class . however , misleadership does not appear in the rest of the body of the work . instead , dixon uses the term black leadership 17 times , without the prefix mis . three months later , on may 11 , 2006 , dixon refers to the black misleadership class , and later the black business leadership class , in an article titled the black stake in the internet . the first use of ' black misleaderhip class ' by anyone appears in the march 17 , 2005 , issue of the black commentator , in an article by james warren . in an article titled the black caucus fatal fox news embrace , that has disappeared from the archives of black agenda report but was picked up by common dreams on june 6 , 2007 , leutisha stills refers to the groveling mentality of a black misleadership class that watches african americans get their asses kicked every day of the year by rupert murdoch and the entirety of corporate media . i don t show up in google using the bmc term until october 9 , 2010 when i condemn a misleadership class that sells out the people at every turn in a video of a speech to the black is back coalition . bar editors marsha coleman - adebayo , ajamu baraka , and margaret kimberley have all used the term , in articles posted on march 12 , 2015 , september 14 , 2017 , and january 18 , 2017 , respectively . coleman - adebayo blasted the black mis - leadership class for orchestrating an elaborate kabuki theatre in the city of selma , alabama ; baraka excoriated the black mis - leadership class for fully participating in the process to deliver the people s resources to the ruling elite ; and kimberley denounced atlanta congressman john lewis for exemplifying everything that is wrong with the congressional black caucus , the democratic party and the black misleadership class . nellie bailey , an editor and co - host of the weekly black agenda radio program , is a consistent user of the term . indeed , until bruce dixon s recantation of december 21 , all of bar s editors cited the sins and crimes of the black misleadership class with dixon and me blasting the bmc most often . brother dixon now prefers to substitute political for misleader . he writes that the black political class ( dixon does not capitalize black - - i do ) happens to be a class to which most of us don t belong . but he is the one guilty of sloppy and imprecise usage . bruce and i and the rest of the activist / writers / analysts at bar do belong to the broad black political class . he is restricting membership in the political classes to elected officials and , presumably , lobbyists , corporate media commentators and business friendly civic organization spokespersons that carry the rulers political water . grassroots political activists are written out of dixon s definition of politics - - even those who dedicate most of their waking hours to people s causes . most black preachers and academics ( except those whom media award the title public intellectual ) would be excluded , too . the bourgeoisie certainly prefer the narrowest definition of political class , restricted to those who speak for power . grassroots political activists are written out of dixon s definition of politics . for those of us who don t work for the rulers , political class winds up being of little use , much like the term the chattering classes . we all chatter . the question is : who is chattering to whom , about what , and in whose interests black misleadership class is not a scientific term . it is weaponized political terminology , with specific meaning based on black historical and current political realities . most often , in our usage at bar , the term refers to those black political forces that emerged at the end of the sixties , eager to join the corporate and duopoly political ( mostly democrat ) ranks , and to sell out the interests of the overwhelmingly working class black masses in the process . it is both an actual and aspirational class , which ultimately sees its interests as tied to those of u . s . imperialism and its ruling circles . it seeks representation in the halls of corporate power , and dreads social transformation , which would upset the class s carefully cultivated relationships with power . we know who these people are , based on their political behaviors . our job , as conscious political people , is to expose their treachery - - so that the black masses will reject their misleadership . until bruce dixon s recantation of december 21 , all of bar s editors cited the sins and crimes of the ' black misleadership class . ' the following is excerpted from an article of mine that has disappeared from bar s archives , but which was picked up by the august 31 , 2014 greanville post , titled , black folks are going nowhere until we discard the black misleadership class . the current black misleadership class voluntarily joined the enemy camp - - calling it progress - - as soon as the constraints of official apartheid were lifted . they exploited the political and business opportunities made possible by a people s mass movement in order to advance their own selfish agendas and , in the process , made a pact with power to assist in the debasement and incarceration of millions of their brothers and sisters . in the case of black elected officials , their culpability is direct and hands - on . the professional interlocutors between african americans and power , from the local butt - kissing preacher to marquis power - brokers like al sharpton , serve as the mass black incarceration state s firemen . students of black history will immediately recognize the role played by these black firemen : they are the house negroes that malcolm x inveighed against ; the aspiring or professional type of negro who , when the master s house started burning down , would fight harder to put the master s house out than the master himself would . - - malcolm x , wayne state university , january 23 , 1963 . malcolm struggled on behalf of the field negro , the working class masses . house negro and field negro were not scientific terms ; they were political weapons that resonated among the black masses . they had sharp , cutting edges , designed to rebuke and isolate the internal enemy , and to discourage other black people from collaborating with the ruling class . our mission today is no different . they are the ' house negroes ' that malcolm x inveighed against . in 2013 , in a speech marking the first national conference of students against mass incarceration , at howard university , i explained why bar makes full use of the term , black misleadership class : some folks might think we mainly use it as an insult . and we do . we believe that denunciation and shaming of those behaviors and politics that are destructive to our people is a good and useful thing to do . when people who claim to be black leaders aid in the destruction of our people , they deserve to be insulted - - buked and scorned , ' as we used to say . so , of course we mean to insult these people that we call the black misleadership class . they wanted to put their own upwardly mobile faces in high government and corporate places . that meant preserving the system - - not tearing it down . they wanted to celebrate their own upward mobility , not agitate for social transformation . so , after 1968 , they helped shut the movement down . in order to consolidate their own political power , and curry corporate favor , the black misleadership class directed black people s energies toward the narrowest electoral politics and the crassest materialism . their modus operandi is to treat the masses of black people as cheerleaders for the upward strivings of a few . the ultimate expression of that madness , is that the black misleadership class poured all of its energies into protecting a symbol of ultra - upward black mobility - - barack obama - - while the bottom fell out for the black masses . this is the same class that has historically been far more ashamed over mass black incarceration , than outraged . they resent those blacks who have been caught up in the criminal justice system , because they mess up the petty bourgeois picture of black america that they like to paint . they have no use for the rest of us , except as props in their for - profit productions . so , damn right , we like to insult the black misleadership class . it s part of our political work . they need to be insulted . we need a movement , not just to deal with our external enemies , but also our internal ones . because they are killing us , from the inside out . brother dixon may be willing to give up a perfectly good weapon , but i am not . down with the black misleadership class power to the people bar executive editor glen ford can be contacted at [ email protected ] .
help save bar from google , trump , the democrats and their spies the whole of the ruling class is united in the campaign to squeeze the left out of the web . sixteen months ago , the washington post issued the equivalent of wanted posters targeting more than a dozen of the most effective leftwing sites on the internet - - including black agenda report , the only black - managed operation singled out for suppression . since then , the radical sites slimed as russian propaganda outlets and sympathizers by prop - or - not , the post s shadowy source , report having lost on average nearly half their google search - generated audiences , . bar editors have also noted a drastic drop in the number of our own articles that come up in routine google searches , compared to pre - november , 2016 . bar s internet profile has been methodically shrunken . oligarchic censorship there really is a vast conspiracy to strangle radical dissent in the united states , under the broad heading of suppressing fake news - - meaning reporting , analysis and advocacy that challenges the corporate narrative . the most active early conspirators emerged from hillary clinton s campaign tent , packed with wall street and silicon valley operatives , lobbyists for all the profiteers of imperialist war , most of the corporate media , and the spies , assassins and information manipulators of the national security state . all were now democrats virtually the entire ruling class , brought together in terror of the unpredictable donald trump , a man known for his hatreds , but who failed to exhibit sufficient malice toward russians or rhetorical loyalty to the free movement of global capital . amazingly , the democrats attacked trump from the right , reprising the mccarthy era of three generations ago . trump was soft on the kremlin , which is depicted as the home of euro - asiatic totalitarianism , no matter who is actually in charge . however , the new red scare requires the linking of trump / putin with domestic reds thus , the vilification of bar and other left sites by prop - or - not , a toy in the hands of amazon and washington post owner jeff bezos , the world s richest man and business partner with the cia . purging the left trump - - a fellow , although lesser , oligarch - - represents no class or real ideological threat to bezos or the rest of the u . s . ruling class . like pavlov s dog , trump has learned to avoid russia - friendly gestures , lest he be subjected to political shocks . and his administration is more favorable to the upward flow of capital than any in post - war history . anti - trump corporate forces share the same racial - imperialist ideology as the donald , and will never purge such views from the internet . however , the whole of the ruling class is united in the campaign to squeeze the left out of the web . and they will succeed , unless we take counter - actions . in the long term , radicals must fight to nationalize the internet , to make it safe for dissident politics . lefties of like mind should also create a common portal of access for the small constellation of anti - imperialist sites a left internet neighborhood for radicals to roam around in . however , bar s immediate need is the same as it has always been , since our inaugural issue in october of 2006 : sufficient contributions to keep the operation going , and growing . we hope our readers like this new site we finished constructing a couple of months ago - - because now we have to pay for it . it costs to look pretty . many of you have been more than generous to bar over the years . we promise to work harder in 2018 , to be worthy of your sacrifice . in coming months , google , facebook and other social media can be expected to escalate their censorship of the left . as bar managing editor bruce dixon has pointed out , the best way to circumvent google is to sign up for black agenda report s free email list . that way , bar and our readers can communicate directly , without hostile corporate intervention . if you are not getting our weekly reminders that a new issue is available , go first to the donate button at the top right corner of the main bar page . then click subscribe at the bottom left of the donation page . enter your email address and name . power to the people1 and happy new year
political activists are scrambling to find ways to reverse the federal communications commission s decision to do away with internet neutrality . black agenda radio producer kyle fraser spoke with nabil hassein , a technical worker and organizer with the movement for black lives , in new york city . hassein points out that big corporations already dominated the internet , even before the fcc
a man s ego was shattered thursday while in the depths of an lsd freakout so intense , even his neighbors reported feeling it . jill stern , 73 , says she was peering suspiciously at the world through her blinds when she felt uneasy . i sort of felt what i d call a cosmic disturbance , like danny was up there freaking out , stern said . i just knew that when i got up there , danny s ego wouldn t be there no more . by the way , something s wrong with me . sure enough , when stern arrived in the bedroom , there sat the hollow shell of daniel serling who , after partying with friends , reportedly went home and listened to pink floyd all night . dr . angstrom h . troubadour , chief chemist at lebal drocer pharmaceuticals and chemical research labs , says roger waters so systematically and effectively breaks down the ego , that he and others are lobbying congress to reclassify pink floyd s music as a schedule i drug . dr . troubadour said lsd overdose ain t nothin to fuck with , adding that he hasn t been right since the wall 2014 tour . i mean they re all sitting around , dosed out of their skulls , evolving in front of us and meticulously presenting it in perfect musical form . that s fucked up , it s illegal , and it s bad for the economy . dr . troubadour said his research leads him to believe that after serling s meltdown , people are less likely to buy the sweet new iphone 7 replacement plus that serling unfortunately believed were made from babies , ground into dust . ordinarily , this story would end there . but because danny s ego collapsed so hard in on itself , the event has already begun pulling the collective unconscious down with it , destroying our shared concept of self , piece by piece , and replacing our motives with his enduring baby dust craze . he s making us all dumb troubadour told reporters . suddenly , the doctor stood up and roared , slamming his fist down through the particle board coffee table decorating the internet chronicle s grand foyer . i already feel retarded but the lucky bastard up in that apartment right now doesn t think anything anymore . do you understand me troubadour demanded , corralling a huddled group of petrified reporters into his back office . i want baby dust . danny s best friend , attorney john desoto , said danny was one of those dudes who seemed dead inside anyway , and the world is unlikely to notice the death of his ego , the realization of which is what caused the collapse and oh my god what s it all for , it s all for nothing . like there just wasn t anything behind his eyes , you know me stupid at the moment , and must forgive but i forgetting empathy , but i bet that was tough , being a flake and weirding everyone out with your presence , desoto said . we were usually happy to see him leave the party , anyway . desoto reckons danny s ego being shattered was not such a bad thing for the community , and maybe even serves some greater purpose to humanity . but dr . troubadour disagreed , adding that a steady regimen of vitamins and terrormax could straighten danny out and reshape him into the laborer , citizen , and believer god wants him to be . we re going to get him some vitamin b - 12 and help him relearn how to go to work on mondays . so in the meantime , keep him away from those garfield comics dr . troubadour said lsd overdose ain t nothin to fuck with , adding that he hasn t been right since the wall 2014 tour . but that s nothin a little terrormax can t fiX right Up that s right moms , all new terrormax ssri - legal Us version prodUct patEnt 2018 - 01 - 24 - 692379 . b tablets are just the thing to get your mopey teens off their butts and onto the right track . our little stacey s ego nearly died after an enlightening experience in the woods with her friends on mushrooms . but ever since then , we started lacing her dinner with terrormax pm , her night vision has improved 20 - fold , and she is the most popular kid in school . never feel depressed again with all new terrormax ssri - legal Us version rated safe for human consumption ' again , or your money back , guaranteed again danny s dying ego made us dumb . isn t it time for you to feel numb terrormax . you . feel . nothing
notice how the media refer to the beheader only as alton nolen , his given name prior to his conversion to islam , after which he was known as jah keem yisrael . colleen hufford , 54 , a christian woman and grandmother , was beheaded and another woman at the food processing plant , 43 - year - old traci johnson , had her neck cut but wasn t beheaded thanks to mark e . vaughan , an executive at vaughan foods and a reserve sheriff s deputy , who shot and wounded jah keem yisrael while he was attacking his former co - workers . several co - workers reported that nolen had been trying to convert to islam and became outraged when they refused . nolen , who used his muslim name , jah keem yisrael , on his facebook page , liked to post photos of islamic jihadist fighters and beheadings . his profile photo ( below ) featured several taliban fighters . below is an in interview with survivor , traci johnson : ReLated stoRies / videos : jUstice seRved : oklahoma convert to islam convicted of beheading a co - worker at food processing plant has been sentenced to death beheadings - now - in - america - oklahoma - muslim - beheads - female - co - worker - stabs - another - was - trying - to - convert - people - to - islam first - photos - of - white - christian - grandmother - beheaded - by - black - devout - muslim - terrorist - in - oklahoma fULL inteRvieW by foX news megyn kelly of american woman who narrowly survived beheading attempt by a mUsLim coworker in oklahoma here - we - go - muslim - beheader - in - oklahoma - fired - for - promoting - sharia - punishments - like - stoning - for - women oklahoma - muslim - beheader - allegedly - linked - to - al - qaeda - leader - al - awlaki - and - boston - bombers oklahoma - beheaders - facebook - page - has - everything - to - do - with - islam - everything second - oklahoma - muslim - threatens - to - behead - a - coworker - because - she - is - christian oklahoma - police - locate - suspicious - man - with - thick - arab - accent - who - entered - moore - high - school - and - started - asking - about - security - 4 - days - before - beheading - by - muslim - at - vaughn - foods - in - the - same - town
the nypd . and they have the largest recipient of muslim campaign contributions , mayor bill deblasio , to thank for forcing the nyc police department to hire some 1 , 000 muslim recruits , ten times more than there were on 9 / 11 . ny daily news this muslim police force is deblasio s way of making sure there is no more counter - terrorism surveillance of mosques and muslims , as there was until deblasio put a stop to it as soon as he became mayor in 2014 . the lockers for two muslim cops in the bronx were vandalized with hate messages including fuck you , muslim bitch , police sources said monday . the discovery has prompted an internal probe , with investigators also trying to figure out if the same person is responsible for scrawling fuck you , dick and penises on about two dozen other lockers , sources said . the internal affiars bureau is leading the investigation into the incident which has been labeled a possible bias crime assisted by the hate crime task force . the graffiti was discovered saturday night in the men s locker room at transit district 11 , which is located near yankee stadium and covers five subway lines in the bronx . muslims was written on one locker just below the officer s name on a police ( cq ) don t move sticker , sources said . fuck you muslim bitch was scrawled on another locker , also just below the officer s name on a duplicate of the same sticker , sources said .
eventually , the anti - christian lgbt fascists will be crushed by the more violent islamofascists , maybe even hanged in the public square . but for now , the enemy of my enemy is my friend , as they say .
according to another report , a hospital physician reported a strong odor of alcohol on ali s breath and described the man as combative , a rather unusual condition for someone who has survived a deadly crash . the sutter health system declined to release any specifics about what ali might have said or done to be described as combative . in 2013 , ali had been arrested on suspicion of a burglary in fremont , but the charges in that case were later dismissed .
not in minnesotastan , america s first islamic state . in airports in minnesota , muslims are refusing to carry passengers with any kind of liquor bottles or if they are accompanied by seeing - eye dogs . at target , muslims may refuse to handle pork products at the checkout counter . and exactly why did these people leave their countries to come [ ]
oh , boo hoo . muslim man s car covered with bologna ( pork product ) and he is considering moving away . ( hopefully back to the islamic hellhole he came from ) murfreesboro residents fought against construction of a mega - mosque in the courts for two years and lost , thanks to barack hussein obama s interference using the DoJ . no wonder they are [ ]
democrats are waging an all - out war against anyone that opposes them from the left , said black agenda report editor and senior columnist margaret kimberley in her freedom rider c
republicans and democrats alike are willing to turn over government coffers to bezos and his ilk and the rights of the people be damned .
full spectrum arrogance : us bases spanning the globe there are 50 , 000 troops still in germany , still winning world war ii three quarters of a century later . late last year , a divided congress approved a military spending bill of 700 billion dollars , more than either the president or the pentagon had requested . hundreds of billions will go to u . s . military bases and troops on foreign soil . the us is the largest , most lethal military power in human history with seven geographic commands spanning the globe , but that didn ' t stop the new coalition against u . s . foreign military bases from holding its first conference at the university of baltimore from friday to sunday , january 12 to 14 . here are just a few voices from the conference : leah bolger , retired us military commander , full - time peace activist , and past president of veterans for peace : this conference is the first action , the first event , of a relatively new coalition , which is a coalition against us foreign military bases that has come together with 13 charter organizations . we are joined to address the issue of us foreign bases which are everywhere somewhere between 800 and 1000 . it s ridiculous . david swanson , co - founder of world beyond war and author of the books war is a lie and war is never just : y know , i watch a lot of basketball games because the university of virginia is so darn good and i m just disgusted because at every single game , they thank the troops for watching from 175 sometimes they even say more than 177 countries . they thank the almost a million men and women serving our country . they don t explain what the service is , they don t explain why they have to be in 177 countries . they don t explain that there are only about 200 countries on earth , and that there are at least a dozen more countries they re not telling us about . these are the ones they admit to . anytime you have this nation attacking another nation , that is a crime that all of us can be united in opposing . what are they doing there what are they needed for in some cases , it s thousands ; in some it s ten thousands . there are 50 , 000 troops still in germany , still winning world war ii three quarters of a century later . it s insanity and of course it costs hundreds of billions of dollars . people who think that we re running low on money and we can t afford things should understand that we could afford anything we wanted if we didn t do things this stupid . ajamu baraka , black agenda report editor , founder of the national black alliance for peace , and 2016 green party vice presidential candidate : we have a task before us this weekend . we have to struggle among ourselves to build a base line for unity because we know that all of us may not be there in terms of being prepared to take a clear class line , we may not be in full agreement about what national oppression and national liberation mean , we may not agree about the character of this state . but we can agree that anytime you have this state involved in direct intervention , anytime you have this nation attacking another nation , that is a crime that all of us can be united in opposing . the real news network , based there in baltimore , livestreamed the event from gavel to gavel , and i produced a brief Kpfa radio - berkeley news report while watching and downloading audio . however , i seemed to be the only other press beyond the websites of the conference participants themselves to take any interest . so on monday i nominated the conference and its full spectrum arrogance video archive for a project censored award . i recommend all eight sessions now on the youtube : public meeting / international night , the environmental and health impact of u . s . foreign military bases , history and economic costs of u . s . foreign military bases , us foreign policy and the strategic role of foreign military bases , south america and guantanamo , the middle east : us / natO plan , africOm and the invasion of africa , coalition ' s future plan of action in the final session , reps from the 13 founding organizations met to hammer out their unity statement and plan the next conference . the location isn t yet set , but it will take place on us - occupied foreign soil , so there s a world of possibilities . ann garrison is an independent journalist based in the san francisco bay area . in 2014 , she received the victoire ingabire umuhoza democracy and peace prize for her reporting on conflict in the african great lakes region . she can be reached at anngarrison or [ email protected ]
the black caucus new class : worthless , warmongering servants of empire the democrats have perverted the electoral franchise of the nation s most progressive constituency to the service of a global war machine and an all - pervasive national security state . hundreds of times this week , as at every yearly commemoration of dr . martin luther king s birthday , local preachers and politicians will cite the swelling ranks of the congressional black caucus as proof that dr . king s dream has borne great fruit . black representation in the u . s . house has grown from just nine members in 1968 , when king was assassinated , to the current lineup of 44 full - voting house democrats . but the majority of today s black denizens of capitol hill are in league with the very triple evils that king identified and struggled against : racism , extreme materialism ( capitalism ) and militarism . under the leadership of the democratic party , they have perverted the electoral franchise of the nation s most progressive constituency to the service of a global war machine and an all - pervasive national security state - - the antithesis of dr . king s vision . according to the first motto of congressional black caucus , as formulated by detroit rep . charles diggs , black people have no permanent friends , no permanent enemies , just permanent interests . the slogan was coined to signal the fledgling black caucus s intention to pursue an independent black politics in the wake of the dismantling of official apartheid . instead , in the absence of a mass , grassroots movement , the emergent black political class embedded itself in the corporate structures of the democratic party . dr . king s dream has been flipped , renovated , gentrified , and weaponized . the black caucus class of 2017 is wholly aligned with the war party . since 2011 , when a majority of black lawmakers voted to continue the first black president s unprovoked bombing campaign against libya , the congressional black caucus ( cbc ) has become a permanent friend of the worst enemies of mankind , culminating in a majority cbc vote for the bipartisan 700 billion trump - schumer - pelosi war budget , last july . most damning and ominous , was the behavior of the newest members of the black caucus , all five of whom supported the biggest military expenditure in the history of humanity . they are : al lawson ( fl ) a . donald mceachin ( va ) dwight evans ( pa ) lisa blunt rochester ( de ) anthony brown ( md ) fifty years after dr . king s death , the black caucus class of 2017 is wholly aligned with the war party , a hydra - headed beast whose enabling budget was authored by donald trump and endorsed by democratic leaders in the house and senate . the congressional black caucus ( cbc ) has become a permanent friend of the worst enemies of mankind . the rookie black house members have also embraced the darkest forces of the national security state . last week , the five novice warmongers joined with seven more senior cbc members in support of a bill to extend the national security agency s powers to spy on americans without a warrant . most democrats , including cbc members , voted no , but the 12 black lawmakers followed house democratic leader nancy pelosi s lead in siding with republicans to pass the measure . in addition to the five members of the class of 2017 , the other black pawns of the spy machine are : sanford bishop ( ga ) andre carson ( in ) james clyburn ( sc ) gregory meeks ( nY ) david scott ( ga ) terri sewell ( al ) marc veasey ( tX ) representatives bishop , meeks , scott , sewell and veasey consistently earn the lowest scores on black agenda report s cbc report cards . the addition of the five new warmongers and spy - lovers effectively doubles the slime at the bottom of the black caucus barrel . back in 2003 , only four members of the congressional black caucus supported george bush s request for war powers to invade iraq : william jefferson ( la ) , harold ford , jr . ( tn ) , albert wynn ( md ) and sanford bishop ( ga ) . they were a tiny faction , exercising little influence over the larger caucus - - which is why i called them the four eunuchs of war in my writings in the black commentator . fifteen years later , it is the anti - war faction of the black caucus that is tiny and ineffectual . the descent into russiagate madness has reduced the handful of dependable black caucus anti - war votes by two , with the defection of maxine waters ( ca ) and bobby scott ( va ) . soon , the pro - peace members won t be numerous enough to rate the term faction . the democratic party is a corporate machine that is busily producing a black misleadership class to serve the lords of capital and their global empire . the cbc class of 2017 is a poison in the black body politic . bar executive editor glen ford can be contacted at [ email protected ]
jacob stephens , a former alpha sigma phi fraternity brother at the university of oklahoma , has been charged with embezzling 32 , 000 of the fraternity s dues . stephens , a former trusted member of the alpha sigma phi fraternity at ou , was made treasurer soon after joining the frat . according to matthew mullins , a brother in the alpha sigma phi fraternity , stephens had been a national merit scholar and was really into his studies the first semester i ever met him when he was a freshman . in spring 2017 , members of the fraternity noticed that the chapter s bank account had no money left in it . members looked at photocopies of checks issued over the past two years and found that stephens had been writing out checks to himself for large sums of money . via KFor : the affidavit also said he was making unauthorized transactions at the republic bank trust in norman , where the fraternity s account was located . in all , he was found to have allegedly stolen about 32 , 000 . all the money that kids saved up over winter break , working or their parents had put aside for them , mullins said . when they confronted stephens about the money , they said he acted confused and denied it . he and his girlfriend said that someone else must have been forging all those checks , mullins said . but , according to the affidavit , the checks issued by stephens were deposited into his capital one , n . a . account . the night they confronted him , his brothers said he disappeared and hasn t been seen since . with no money left in their account , the fraternity chapter was forced to cancel the remaining events for the year . a warrant has been issued for stephens arrest .
the emotionally charged issue of daca has hit home for a lot of people . for the children of immigrants brought to this country with no say , it s a major issue that must be addressed . it s also hit home for ana navarro , a republican strategist who is a frequent commentator for cnn . on monday , the issue of the government shutdown was addressed after democratic senate minority chuck schumer ( d - ny ) crumbled under pressure from senate majority leader mitch mcconnell ( r - ky ) . the government is back open for business ; however , democrats gained very little under the temporary measure to fund the government including only an assurance they would address the issue of daca . navarro appeared on the view , and the ladies on the show , of course , focused their attention on daca . now , keep in mind that navarro considers herself republican . panel member megan mccain , also a republican , boldly criticized her for being a bad republican because she supported daca . mccain commented : i understand that daca is a very emotional issue at this point , but most republicans are on my side on this one , ana . and it s really difficult for me to understand sometimes why do you consider yourself a republican . here s what mccain forgot and was shut down quickly by navarro for . navarro was brought to america by her parents from nicaragua . she unleashed the fury on mccain saying : because i m a hispanic immigrant latina . i came here through no decision of my own had my parents not had visas , had my parents not had the resources to hire lawyers , i would be a drEam act kid , too . that s why this is personal . the idea that navarro must vote with her party and not on her own beliefs and conscience is what is wrong with politics entirely . politicians sell their souls to vote with their party to further their own political careers and to keep a seat in congress . it s a train of thought that allows for no discussion , no compromise , and no progress , and megan mccain is apparently part of that problem . the white , blonde haired daughter of sen . john mccain ( r - aZ ) would know nothing of what it s like to come to a new country and fear being taken away from your parents . she also has no need to fear being sent back because she was brought here as a child with no say in her future . you would think mccain would be far more understanding considering some of the trite crap she s written in the past . back in 2009 , she wrote in an article that called for republicans to embrace gay rights : i am a woman who despises labels and boxes and stereotypes . now , calling for republicans to embrace the rights of the lGbtQ community is awesome . so , can someone please explain how mccain s comments on the view to navarro were not an attempt to pin navarro down to the republican platform furthermore , navarro was the national co - chair of john mccain s hispanic advisory council . the fact that megan would say something like that to navarro is just flat out disrespectful . what can you expect from someone who defends trump by claiming he s not a racist , though featured image screenshot via youtube .
in the united kingdom , you can have poop made to order at your favorite fast food chains . after a recent bbc one s watchdog investigation , it was discovered that three of your favorite major fast food chains have fecal coliforms inside the ice they serve . the three chains that have poopy ice are mcdonald s , burger king and kFc . while some are worse than others , all three were revealed to be dirty places to drink cold drinks . the ice was sampled at 30 randomly chosen locations in the united kingdom . and the results are shocking and disgusting . bbc one s team chose ten locations for each major chain . the amount of locations that had poop in their ice was far more than you d ever believe . three of the ten mcdonald s locations had fecal matter coliforms in their ice . six out of 10 locations had poop in ice at burger king and kFc was the dirtiest with seven of ten locations serving poop on ice . while some of the fecal samples were subtle , four of the burger king and five of the kFc locations served their customers significant levels of poop bacteria in their ice . this revelation is a disaster for fast food companies across the globe . they have been quick to jump out and get ahead of the terrible publicity . in response , a kFc spokesperson said , we are shocked and extremely disappointed by these results . kFc shut down the ice machines at the locations that were infected . they also reportedly inspected and cleaned ones from all other restaurants in the united kingdom . meanwhile , a mcdonald s spokesperson claimed they are concerned for their customers safety . despite serving poop on their ice in thirty percent of the locations sampled , the fast food chain claims to already have robust cleaning protocols in place to ensure this type of thing doesn t happen . but it looks like the cleaning measures are not good enough . as the investigation highlights , there are no specific ice production standards in place , only those relating to unfrozen drinking water . we would therefore welcome the introduction of an agreed standard and would be happy to work with relevant industry bodies , the mcdonald s representative added . meanwhile , burger king claims to be working with their uk locations to put better cleanliness procedures into place . this report is an opportunity for us to emphasize our training procedures and ensure all operations and safety standards are upheld in all restaurants , the statement reads . although the fast food chains claim to be working to keep their restaurants clean , many people are still rightfully worried . tony lewis heads policy and education at the chartered institute of environmental health in the united kingdom . he thinks the poop ice crisis is extremely worrying . lewis added , when we re finding the sorts of numbers we re finding here , you have to look at the people making the ice , handling the ice , which they then transfer into the customers drinks . and then you also have to look at hygiene failure with potentially the machines themselves they being kept clean will you ever trust these restaurants again please shaRe YouR ReactioN in the comments below now
mcdonald s has come under a lot of heat about their burger meat . many people have exposed the chain for not serving fresh beef in their famous sandwiches . while the fast food restaurant has released a statement that they re moving toward a fresher alternative , there are still a few kinks they need to work out . and if this recent photograph proves anything , it is that mcdonald s still needs to work on getting fresher beef . when yasmine batur bit into her mcdonald s hamburger , she quickly realized that it wasn t all dead . when she looked closer at what she was eating , she saw that it was infested with maggots . that s right . the mcdonald s beef was rancid and maggot - ridden . that s not fresh at all . watch the video below to see what happened because she realized that no one would believe her if she didn t take a photo , the new zealand woman who lives in new south wales took a photo of her maggot sandwich and uploaded it to facebook . from there it quickly went viral as people realized that they could have been eating maggots all along if they didn t carefully check their food before eating . batur was eating a quarter pounder when she realized that moving maggots were still squirming within the fresh beef . batur admitted that her partner vomited after seeing the maggots squirming on her burger . it was that disgusting that they simply could not retain themselves . i just sat down to enjoy a double quarter pounder when i saw all the lovely maggots enjoying it too , she wrote on facebook . she then went on to accuse mcdonald s of hypocrisy after claiming they serve quality food . this is clearly not fresh or quality . how dare they serve this to unsuspecting customers . michael unfortunately finished his before i saw it and is violently vomiting . after realizing that she was served maggots at mcdonald s , she pulled apart her burger and saw the slimy critters moving about under the melted cheese . she counted a number of maggots still alive on her food . since the video and post was shared online , mcdonald s australia denied that batur ever ate at one of their restaurants . they said it was impossible that they were serving maggots on their quarter pounders . it s not possible for this to occur in our restaurants . our food is cooked at incredibly high temperatures , the spokesperson told daily mail australia . we encourage the customer to get in contact with us so we can discuss further . the video footage shows the new zealand woman pulling apart her burger to get all the little maggots out of the beef . while the mcdonald s location denies that they serve maggot - infested food to their customers , the woman managed to get photo and video evidence that love larvae were still in her food . and unless she planted it there for some kind of a trick or prank , it doesn t seem like she is making anything . do you think mcdonald s burgers run the risk of getting infested with maggots and other bugs or is the restaurant telling the truth to you
one of the remarkable things about living in a truly global society is the vast amount of trade in agricultural products that occurs . foods , both exotic and staple , are sent from producer to consumer from all over the world , making avocados and strawberries as plentiful in january as they used to be in high summer . but this same global food chain can also lead to serious problems when governments do not maintain the same regulatory standards for food safety and quality . one area receiving a huge amount of press over the last few years is the rise of fake food being produced and exported by china . there has been a groundswell of scrutiny paid to chinese produced food sent to the us , since baby formulas , canned foods , and pet foods were found to contain ingredients banned by the usda and fda a few years ago . but has it gotten any better let us consider rice : some sources are reporting that chinese produced rice may contain harmful fillers and additives including plastics like melamine . it has been posited that some chinese rice may be nothing more than potato starch and shredded plastic , flavored with rice steam . in fact , some even claim that a handful of the tainted fake rice may contain as much plastic as a ziplock sandwich bag . one sure way to protect your family is to only buy domestically produced rice . did you know that the state of arkansas is the largest producer of rice in the united states . arkansas provides 45 of all the rice we eat . if you just have to buy rice produced in china , which you don t , there are some simple tests you can run on samples to ensure that you are getting the real deal . if you have access to a mortar and pestle , you can grind up a few dried grains into a fine powder . if it is all natural , it will be snow white . the presence of yellowish color may indicate plastic content . you can also subject a grain to a fire test . apparently , natural rice does not burn , but fake rice containing plastic compounds will burn very easily indeed . one test that seems a little strange is the water test . you might remember it from your american history class , when you got to the chapter on the salem witch trials . if you drop a grain of dried rice into a glass of water and it sinks , it is safe to consume , whereas if it floats , it may contain plastics and should be avoided . the fun thing about science though is that you do not have to take someone else s word for something . you can always test a supposition against results you observe on your own . of course , it is also beneficial to listen to credentialed experts when you can not or will not perform tests yourself . they are trained experts after all . of course , the scientists working for the usda and the fda probably have more unbiased insight into the safety of imported foodstuffs than scientists that work for agribusiness and food companies . so , who do you trust to provide you with solid information about the safety of your food share your opinions with us here .
we all have different tastes when it comes to eating . some of us go heavy on the meat and light on the vegetables and vice versa . and others have a love of sweets instead of salty items . while we all have a different eating agenda most days of the year , when it comes to christmas , most families stick with a traditional meal , including , turkey , appetizers like pigs - in - a - blanket , mashed potatoes , green beans and of course pies and cookies for dessert . but , one mom decided to bring a new dish to her family s table . the only problem is that she seems to be the only one interested in the dish and everyone else is calling it stomach - churning and describing it as pure poison . it s not surprising that people are critical of this mom s salad dish , as the ingredients alone are enough to make your stomach churn and ask how exactly these ingredients go together . the lineup of oddball items in this so - called salad are : 6 ounces of cream cheese 1 cup crushed pineapple 7 ounces 7 up soda 8 ounces mini marshmallows 1 small box of lime jelly 1 / 2 cup of mayonnaise 1 jar maraschino cherries 1 cup of thawed cool whip the mom who is behind the 7 up salad , is katie reed and she has no qualms about the oddity of the ingredients , calling the dish her favorite holiday side dish . if you really want to try it out and tease your taste buds a bit , katie provided instructions for the unusual side dish . first , melt the jelly and marshmallows in the pan . this will create that weird , slime look . next , you ll add the cherries , cream cheese , cool whip and pineapple to the mix . and now it s time to add the ingredient that makes the recipe . the mayo add a dollop of mayo to the mix and stir and soon you will have what has been deemed as the 7 up salad . the last step is placing the substance into a round mold to create what looks like a massive jell - o donut with punches of red created by the red cherries . enjoy if you can . katie admits that the side dish is an acquired taste and it s not for everyone . commenters didn t seem too convinced that the dish would do its duty and satisfy the appetites of diners this is a crime against taste , decency , and humanity . pure poison and criminal to feed this to your children . what a travesty wow , an amazing vomit and snot salad . mmmmmm . that s just wrong on every level , another fine american culinary delight . while these ingredients are okay by themselves , not too many people think they are appetizing put together how does anyone ever think of putting all those things together in a pan then serving it . yuk . and others defended the dish , saying that it was simply the color that made it look odd it s just green seriously guys . don t knock it til you ve tried it . sometimes you have to look past the ingredients and colors of certain foods and just dive right in . if you think too much about it , it will ruin it for your taste buds .
what do you do when the focus is centered back on you and your possible serious crimes you ve committed against the american people you deflect , of course donald trump took to twitter early tuesday morning to celebrate the fact democrats crumbled and voted for a temporary measure to fund the government . in that tweet , he said : even crazy jim acosta of fake news cnn agrees : trump world and wh sources dancing in end zone : trump wins again schumer and dems caved gambled and lost . thank you for your honesty jim trump need not get his panties in a bunch as democrats are going back to the board and could come back stronger . furthermore , acosta did his job he fairly reported the facts . also , trump and republicans in congress can pat themselves on the back . they just pulled off another scam on the people like the patriots pulling off a football game . however , with all that celebration , it s important to note that the attention will quickly shift from the government shutdown back to trump s woes . the investigations into his relationship with the russians are revealing more and more interesting information , and democrats are releasing that information and testimony to the people . therefore , trump has to shift the rhetoric from celebration to accusation as in his second tweet he began a rant about the issue of the fbi missing texts between two agents formerly on mueller s team who disparaged the president and are accused of investigating trump with bias . trump wrote : in one of the biggest stories in a long time , the fbi now says it is missing five months worth of lovers strzok - page texts , perhaps 50 , 000 , and all in prime time . wow trump , however , can t help himself and had to go back to celebrating a few hours later when he tweeted a third tweet : nobody knows for sure that the republicans democrats will be able to reach a deal on daca by february 8 , but everyone will be trying . with a big additional focus put on military strength and border security . the dems have just learned that a shutdown is not the answer twitter users responded to the texts . you can check the responses out below . featured image by mark wilson / getty images .
the nose ring is haram ( forbidden under islam ) so zainab baloch likely will get herself stoned to death or have acid thrown in her face now that she is making a public spectacle of herself . i bet that will make her forget all about the anti - muslim graffiti on her campaign sign . oh , and let me remind [ ]
white house physician : trump is in excellent physical and mental health january 16 , 2018 white house daily briefing the president s doctor , rear admiral ronny jackson , spent almost an hour briefing reporters and taking their questions about the president s health and fitness . he said , the president s overall health is excellent , and said he would like to see the president lose 10 to 15 pounds and change his diet . he provided details from various tests and examinations the president underwent in an over four - hour physical the president had the week prior . he also remarked on the president s mental fitness , about which he said he had no concerns . press secretary sarah sanders took a few questions at the end of the briefing , many of which focused on the president s comments on immigration in an oval office meeting he had with senators and members of his cabinet and staff .
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
many churches around the globe are celebrating the 500 th anniversary of martin luther s radical upheaval of medieval catholicism . what he set in motion on oct . 31 , 1517 , as he posted his 95 theses on the door of the castle church in wittenberg , challenging the religious authorities to a debate , affects us still . we are still trying to catch up with luther in many areas ; and in other areas , we rightly distance ourselves from his writings , especially his perspectives on jews . what was luther so upset about that he nailed the placard of grievances to the door , which served as the public bulletin board of that little village let s look back at the catholicism that nurtured him to see what was going on . catholicism at the time of luther had become a complicated system of trying to earn one s salvation . one could travel to rome and view the relics : a splinter from the cross ; the chains of st . paul ; a lock from john s head etc . , ad nauseum . by viewing these so - called holy treasures or climbing pilate s steps on hands and knees , kissing the stairs for good measure , one might hope to release one s parents from purgatory . this approach to working out one s salvation suggested one could not really count on christ s forgiveness totally . this made luther miserable , fearful that his salvation was not secure . in the augustinian cloister he had fasted , slept in the cold , and confessed the smallest of sins in a never - ending cycle of penance . later in life he believed that these austerities had harmed his digestive system , about which he wrote entirely too much . the thing that really set it off for luther was the idea of indulgences . the pope had a cash flow problem , and he was in a capital campaign project to enhance buildings in rome . so , the idea was born to issue indulgences ; for a sum of money , one could buy forgiveness for oneself or parents . the brilliant marketing slogan of the dominican tetzel , who supervised the sale , was : as soon as the coin in the coffer clings , another soul from purgatory springs . one s eternal destiny seemed to depend on factors other than the death of christ . later luther was to observe that if the pope had the power over purgatory , why did he not let them all out it was more revenue positive to do it this way , evidently . luther s breakthrough came when he realized through his study of scripture that god s justification is a gift ; it is not something we must earn . by learning that god s wrath had been submerged in mercy and that grace transcended works , he was no longer captive to a troubled conscience , but to the liberating word of god . there are parts of the reformation legacy we have not fully realized . we are still reforming in the area of the priesthood of all believers . we know that women have made wonderful progress , yet in cooperative baptist fellowship churches , only 6 . 5 percent of senior pastors are women . next week the tennessee baptist convention will be deciding whether or not a church with a woman as its senior minister will be allowed to remain in the fold . it is hard to believe that this time - worn conversation continues . we are still reforming in our thought about vocation . luther believed that any profession could be an expression of christian service . this teaching can revitalize our understanding of the dignity of work and how christians bear witness in the public square . my husband , of blessed memory , pursued a christian vocation as a medical doctor ; my calling as a minister was not superior to his , although i could argue that a seminary was better than a med school primarily because you get to sing rather than cut things up finally , baptists are still reforming in understanding a theology of the cross . luther was very critical of those who expect all to gleam in glory rather than seeking god where god chooses to hide in the cradle and the cross . rather than speculating about the actions of god , we should return again to the place of self - revealing in suffering , desolation and humility . that is where we should look for god . often we see human suffering as a judgment or a sign of abandonment by god . yet , that is where god is to be found , truly . the cross demonstrates god s vulnerability to all that would assail humanity , and that by being pushed out of the world onto the cross ( bonhoeffer ) god can redeem the groaning exigencies of life . so , as we celebrate this great inflection point in christian history , we do so with awareness that the reforming impulse interrogates our practice as baptists . we ever need to be reformed , along with the whole church . related news : protestant decline leaves fewer to celebrate reformation day unlike some christians , lutherans still all - in on protestant identity related opinion : the reformation : going back to the basics nora lozano out of love for the truth : the reformation at 500 bill leonard exsurge domine : pursuing re - formation bill leonard related curation : three surprising ways the protestant reformation shaped our world after 500 years , reformation - era divisions have lost much of their potency
this past week the board of trustees met at our school , and we sorted through the challenges of theological schools as churches face decline . the state of the church and the state of the seminary are closely tied , and we need one another more than ever . many debate whether a theological education is necessary for effective ministry . we all know stories of the self - taught minister or of those who apprenticed with revered and experienced leaders and never went to seminary . some have served effectively , but more have not . the challenge with this kind of limited preparation is that the learner does not hear the challenge of many voices ; the learner is not confronted with the sweep of theological interpretation of the faith once delivered . irenaeus spoke of the heresy of truncation , by which he meant narrowing the richness of the christian tradition to one s own bias . we know that many seminaries are in trouble ; there are few that are not fragile in some way . i recently attended a gathering of cooperative baptist fellowship seminary presidents and deans , and i again heard the challenge of recruitment , the burgeoning debt of seminarians , issues of placement for women graduates , the white privilege of which many seminaries are oblivious . it is a troubled industry . the mission of a seminary matters more than ever ministers are stewards of the mysteries of the faith , as paul put it . it is their responsibility to serve as reliable guides in the things of the spirit . their study and contextualized learning forms a pastoral imagination that prompts them to move toward people with appropriate demonstrations of care , with appropriate boundaries . craig dykstra of the lilly endowment named pastoral imagination as short - hand for the adaptive , wise leadership capacity which excellent pastors exhibit , in the words of eileen campbell - reed and chris scharen . pastoral imagination refers to an individual s capacity for seeing a situation of ministry in all its holy and relational depths , and responding with wise and fitting judgment and action . the church is changing . as we commemorated the 500 th anniversary of the protestant reformation , we wonder if it was the first symptom of christendom s ultimate demise . alan bean describes christendom as the close identification of the christian church with the powers that be . and it has been on a downward trajectory for 500 years . constantinian christianity is in its dotage , as he puts it . we all know the trends in church attendance and the challenge of engaging younger adults . the close affinity of white evangelicals with current political agents may prove to be the death knell for segments of christianity as we have known them in america . many younger adults attend non - denominational churches or , more commonly , they view religion with a combination of incomprehension and derision , as bean observes . public religion research institute recently released america s changing religious identity , a view of the american religious landscape : white christians now account for fewer than half of the public . white evangelical protestants are in decline along with white mainline protestants and white catholics . non - christian religious groups are growing , but they still represent less than one in 10 . america s youngest religious groups are all non - christians . muslims , hindus and buddhists are all far younger than white christian groups . atheists and agnostics account for a minority of all religious unaffiliated . most are secular . nearly half of lgbt americans are religious unaffiliated . this is roughly twice the number of americans overall ( 24 percent ) who are religiously unaffiliated . clearly there is a generational shift in religious identity , yet there is some good news in all of this . visionary leaders are asking about whether present connotations for christianity and evangelicalism have any future . we know that reinforcing the ways of christendom , where christianity had cultural privilege , will not do . a seminary is still relevant if : it prepares students to cut through the thicket of competing claims with wisdom from above . it cultivates a love for the church that is in order to shape it for the future . it welcomes and promotes a multi - cultural ethos . it cultivates respect for the lived religion of others in a religiously plural world . it takes note of the wounds students bring with them , especially where they have experienced injustice . it equips learners to engage america s changing religious identity . seminary graduates need equipping to form communities dedicated to transformative practices of prayer and worship , a place where belonging trumps believing at least at the beginning . a recent graduate of our school served as a seminary intern in a progressive church , and she found a way to permeate the boundary between church and community as the congregation began to welcome those with no ecclesial home . through their identification with the oppressed minorities of the world , a new vitality emerged , and the church created a position for her ministry . this is where authentic growth will occur . a seminary will remain relevant as it forms people with the capacity to discern and join the movement of god in this world . it is a challenging and joyful mission .
this past sunday we finished the christian year by celebrating the reign of christ . next sunday , we begin the season of advent , eagerly embracing the rituals that prepare us to receive the infant of promise once again . year a in the lectionary has flown by , and we begin the liturgical cycle anew , seeking guidance from scripture to help us navigate our trouble - laden world . in this liminal time , pope francis has chosen to visit myanmar , an unprecedented journey . christians are only about 4 percent to 5 percent of the approximately 55 million people who live there ; of these there are less than half a million romans catholics . clearly , his mission is more expansive than a pastoral visit to his flock in this remote country . rather , he hopes to draw attention to the plight of hundreds of thousands of rohingya who are being driven out of the rakhine state into bangladesh , where they live the liminal reality of refugees . he is meeting with military leaders and state counselor daw aung san suu kyi , and then will visit representatives of the displaced in bangladesh . one has to respect his intention to use the power of his position to alleviate human suffering . of course , he will bring his great moral and global sensitivity , and he is savvy enough to understand where some of the triggers lie . we pray that his pilgrimage will go beyond the symbolic and help open a way to peaceful resolution . will he use the name rohingya it is an explosive appellation , filled with unresolved claim to indigenous identity . kofi annan , who oversaw a united nations report on the atrocities being wreaked and endured , declined to use the term out of deference to the myanmar government . the western press has kept this humanitarian crisis in view , yet tends to oversimplify the complexity . external interpreters of the myanmar situation expected radical change after the national league for democracy won the 2015 election , yet the power of the lady as state counselor , or prime minister , is constricted , more honorific than controlling . the military retains inordinate power with a voting bloc in parliament , and exploits a nation at war with itself . roger cohen , writing for the new york times on nov . 25 describes the impact of the election : this was not a handover of power . it was a highly controlled , and easily reversible , cession of partial authority . she is hemmed in by military red lines , yet she has influence and embodies the aspirations of her land . formerly portraying aung san suu kyi as something of a saint , commentators have criticized her roundly for her handling of the crisis . many call it a spectacular fall from grace , and oxford university went so far as to strip her of an honor . other nobel peace laureates have criticized her stance , suggesting her present inaction is unworthy of a recipient . yet , the constitutional structure limits her from even recognizing the rohingya as one of the ethnic minorities of the land . her responsibility is to her country , not to our assumptions of how she should act , and the union of myanmar is so fragile . cohen perceives her decisions this way : she is playing a long game for real democratic change . she stands between the military and the people , and there is nothing in her history to suggest she s anything but resolute . it is easier to be a protest figure than to govern , and she is still learning the intractable political game . while the international community has little sway in the internal dynamics of governing myanmar , strategic sanctions for a developing nation hold power . the united states was too quick , it appears , in lifting them . perhaps with sufficient financial leverage behind her , she could speak forthrightly and galvanize justice for these displaced persons . religious difference plays a critical role . buddhism hold a favored place in myanmar , as the preservation of race and religion legislation makes clear , and buddhist monks have stoked fearmongering about the muslim minority becoming a radicalized expression of islam . some christians have contributed to this perspective , also . the reading for the first sunday of advent begs god to put the world to rights : o that you would tear open the heavens and come down ( isaiah 64 : 1 ) . the prophet knows that humans cannot heal this world without divine assistance , yet god will not do it without us . when the people of god cease to call on god s name , they are in peril , yet god will meet those who gladly do right ( 64 : 5 ) . advent is all about sensing the threshold where god is bringing redemption . i will be in myanmar in the coming week , and i am eager to learn from those on the ground about the impact of the pope s visit . i am also eager to enter into the liminal longings for peace , shared by all . related story : can pope francis help myanmar s muslims without hurting its christians christianity today
46 to politics on thursday may 28 2015 21 : 38
bombshell memo on fisa surveillance shows abuse of power ' far worse than watergate ' january 19 , 2018 in his opening monologue tonight , sean hannity called for special counsel robert mueller to end his " witch hunt " following new revelations about u . s . government fisa surveillance abuses .
dec 26 , asmara : the national association of patriotic eritrean livestock butchers ( napelb ) has announced that it has finalized preparations ahead of the holiday season and will start accepting bitcoin and as a form of payment in asmara s kehawta and adi abeito stockyards . according to the chairman of the organization , maj . gubsa temnewo , members of the patriotic livestock butchers association have repeatedly registered their grievances concerning the volatility of the eritrean currency and the check system . maj . gubsa further elaborated that the association has partnered with himbol financial services to provide a different payment system for its costumers . given the steep learning curve involved with understanding bitcoin and blockchain , we ve partnered with himbol hawala service to create the popular buy - eritrean - begie campaign that allows eritreans residing in the diasporas to deposit money with himbol in exchange for a responsibly and patriotically - raised sheep or a goat of your choosing for holiday gumption . it is to be recalled that the eritrean patriotic butchers association has splintered from the larger national popular organization for responsible livestock and hide utilization revolutionary front ( nporlhu - rf ) to address numerous contemporary market demands . / / end . like this : like loading . . .
after donald trump s first year in office , it has become evident that the gop has found themselves in hot water numerous times as they attempt to handle the onslaught of controversy and concerns that are emerging from a trump administration . whether this has come in the form of the ongoing trump and russia investigation , promoting the repeal of obamacare without a feasible or practical replacement option implemented , or an array of other troubling issues , the gop has been on an all out defensive for the last few months . with the midterm elections coming up this year , it is apparent that the republican lawmakers are stuck between appeasing their constituent base , and pushing forth their apparently detrimental agenda . one gop lawmaker that has apparently been feeling the heat is arkansas senator tom cotton . according to various reports , cotton s office has been dishing out cease - and - desist letters and threatening their constituents with legal action if they continue to contact the office with concerns and opinions regarding the senator s position on varying issues . unhackthevote for those of you left that thinks this government is working for you . tom cotton sends cease and desist letters to constituents what a coward . < URL > mikefarb ( mikefarb1 ) january 18 , 2018 ozark indivisible , an activist organization that has been pushing members of the arkansas congress caucus on issues surrounding immigration , health care , and others , claims to have received one of the cease - and - desist letters that was sent out by cotton s office . the letter states that : this letter is immediate notification that all communication must cease and desist immediately with all offices of us senator tom cotton . all other contact will be deemed harassment and will be reported to the united states capitol police . the office of us senator tom cotton . tom cotton is sending out cease desist letters to constituents who dare to contact him via his office phone so pick a location give him a call . springdale : ( 479 ) 751 - 0879 jonesboro : ( 870 ) 933 - 6223 little rock : ( 501 ) 223 - 9081 el dorado : ( 870 ) 864 - 8582 d . c : ( 202 ) 224 - 2353 pic . twitter . com / pijsdrXcml william legate ( williamlegate ) january 18 , 2018 however , it has not only been the activist group that received such threatening letters . rather , many ordinary voters in the state of arkansas have simultaneously been issues statements that implied legal action would be taken against the constituents if they continued to express their opinions on the senator s actions . the same voters claim that , whereas they received such threats from cotton s office , when reaching out to other lawmakers in the state , no such aggressive responses were received . unfortunately , this sort of action attempting to disregard constituents has seemingly become a pattern among many gop lawmakers in recent months , as providing answers for supporting harmful policies has become a daunting and nearly impossible task . last month , a local office in maine for senator susan collins decided to lock their doors in the midst of regular business hours , as activists lined up outside to protest against collins voting in favor of the gop tax bill . the constituents were forced to wait outside in 20 - degree weather as a means of showing their distaste against the senator s support of the bill . . senatorcollins it is freezing out , 20 degrees and you have locked your doors on us , arent you supposed to hear what your constituents have to say mepolitics pic . twitter . com / 4 fqwi0gwc8 kathleenmcfadden ( girlygirlsx2 ) december 13 , 2017 with more and more gop lawmakers coming under fire for supporting troubling policy options and disregarding the need of their constituents , it has become clear that the trump presidency has damaged support for republicans around the country . many formerly red districts and states are now being considered battleground states for the upcoming midterm elections , as constituents are growing weary and concerned with their current representation in federal office . featured image by getty images
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
a mob of civil rights activists could change the way a bill becomes law friday by repetitively chanting slogans . if enough protesters chant nobama , a key piece of legislation is likely to bypass congressional oversight to become the first law in american history to be introduced by mob rule . the washington bull party will combine hateful tea party slogans with stubborn resolve to collapse the free market and shut down american ports , bull party leader jamie jo corne said in a youtube video . i m going to washington , and i m going to fuckin throw my sign in their facE , corne said . i want them fuckin ports closed down . you wanna hurt em go for their god damn jugular . don t bitch kick em . corne accused viewers of being pussified non - americans and said they are just as bad as those illegal immigrants taking over the united states , raping citizens . also called the american spring , event planners said the demonstration is going to be a real barn - burner . if laws change at the whim of mob rule , then america will take one giant leap toward a greater democracy .
empaths tend to want to help any and everyone that they can . this is both a weakness and a strong point . you see , empaths are people who will forgive others time and time again , and they often tend to let the wrong people get far too close . empaths get in so much trouble emotionally because they are so kind and giving they attract people who need to be fixed . you cannot fix everyone . empaths see someone in pain and they cannot help but try their best to save them . they believe that deep down every person is good but sadly that just isn t true . empaths connect with people who are drawn to them . they are often targeted by energy vampires and narcissists . sometimes they not only absorb the emotions but the responsibilities of others too . for instance , if someone hurts them they feel like it is their fault even when it isn t . empaths will often find themselves in abusive relationships be it emotional or physical . as an empath , you need to be aware that you are not responsible for the rest of the world . there will be people you have to overlook . as an empath myself , i know this is hard . it is something i struggled with for a long time . not everything is our fault . we deserve to get exactly what we give in relationships . this goes for friendships as well as romantic relationships . when someone betrays you time and time again forgiving them should at some point stop being an option . if we are putting in all the effort and making all the changes we need to get out of that toxic environment . we deserve someone who will care for us in the ways we are for them . someone who will remind us that just because we feel like something is our fault does not mean that it is . someone who will own up to his or her mistakes and make us feel better when we need them to . it is our job as empaths to remember how important it is to protect ourselves . we must set healthy boundaries and not let anyone cross them . we must release the negativity that we absorb each day and we must stay strong . the stronger we are and the more aware we become , and we can be indestructible . we can overcome anything that is thrown our way . empaths need to be around other people but they also need time to themselves , we all need to find balance in this . if you never give yourself space and do not recharge you will fall victim to something terrible . toxic people are all around us . we cannot completely avoid them . if you are dealing with any kind of toxic person in your life please do what is best for you and let them go . being with a toxic person will only bring you pain and suffering . this is not what anyone should settle for . get out there in the world and do good for those who truly deserve it . stop wasting your gift , use it to do the things that should be done in this world . image via inner intuition
a druidess , for those who may not be familiar , is a female druid . druidess are mystical and magical all at the same time , they were some of the first people to actually truly worship nature . while there are still some modern druid groups in current times they are not quite like the ancient druids . druid magic is the magic that was and in a sense is used still by those who revere nature . you see , druids believed that we all have an ability to merge the sentient mind with essences and from there manipulate them . druids are the only ones who are actually known to practice this merging of essences according to santharia . below you will find a list of signs that you just might be the reincarnation of an ancient druidess . 6 signs you are the reincarnation of an ancient druidess : 1 . you respect all things nature . you love being in nature and you know that we can gain so much from it . you work to nurture the planet and in doing so know it is thankful . you are often thought of by others as the typical tree hugger but there is nothing wrong with that . 2 . you believe no life is more important than another . you believe that all lives are equal . this includes the lives of animals , and to you , we are all the same . you see , druids believe in reincarnation and for some , they are not reincarnated into people but animals . all life has a purpose and all life is important . 3 . you believe the world we see is not the only one that exists . you know that there is more to life than just the things we can see . druids are aware that there is much more than what meets the eye . there are worlds we might never even be able to comprehend . 4 . you are always expressing yourself and will never stop . you are unapologetically yourself and you are not going to change that . your creativity knows no bounds . i guess you could say you are one of the most unique individuals around . 5 . you love history . you have a deep interest in the past and especially your ancestry . you know it is important to pass things down from generation to generation . was your favorite subject in school history 6 . you know we are all connected . you know that our beings are connected . we are all one . even on a small level every living this on this planet is linked together . if these things sound like you , you may very well be the reincarnation of an ancient druidess . what do you think about all of this are you the reincarnation of an ancient druidess
obama s the greatest criminal in history say trump and joe arpaio because he forged his birth certificate ( video )
obama s the greatest criminal in history say trump and joe arpaio because he forged his birth certificate ( video )
alien craft photo over claremont california headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next JanUaRY 22 , 2018 . claRemont caliFoRnia i went hiking in in southern california ( claremont trails ) on 01 / 22 / 18 at about 10 : 30 am i was on the west side of the mountain / trails ( facing los angeles ) when i noticed a shiny object in the sky . the sun would reflect off it from time to time . at first i thought it could be a drone at a distance or a silver type of weather balloon but upon closer inspection i realized it was big and metallic . it was hovering / floating around in the same area for a little while . initially , to ne eyes it looked like a cylinder or l shape wise . then i grabbed an older samsung camera which has 35 x optimization and snapped a few pictures . it was difficult at first because the object was bot standing still and i am new to using that camera . once i snapped a few good pics i realized the objext was shapped more like a triangle . as i zoomed in then i realized it was shaped exactly like the letter a . eventually , it started to move eastward in a floating somewhat erratic style . i eventually lost sight of it as it went over the mountains . there was a couple next to me also taking pictures on their cell phone . i didn t get to talk to him as the male was conducting a real estate deal on the phone in spanish as he was snapping pictures with what i presume to be his wifes phone . the object did seem high in the sky and became more so as it traveled eastward . the object definitely felt like it was out of this world type stuff . i m more in awe with how it was moving / floating / turning etc . it was an amazing experience . Ken pFeiFeR woRlD UFo photos anD news < URL > < URL > < URL > < URL > source : < URL >
1 / 24 / 18 : monarch family values w / john captain headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next in the david and louise turpin case , some of the missing information over - looked by the mainstream media is that turpin was in the process of grooming his children in order for them to see him as a divine leader he was trying to organize a cult . the monarch rituals and the turpin family horrors seem to run parallels with past cases of monarch programming and slavery it is a compelling argument that this form of cult programming was being used in order to groom the children into doing horrible things out of fear of reprisal . on tonight s show , clyde lewis talks with john captain about monarch familY valUes . the post 1 / 24 / 18 : monarch familY valUes w / john caPtain appeared first on ground zero with clyde lewis . text check out ground zero radio with clyde lewis live nightly < URL > source : < URL >
anunnaki rising gods of ancient mesoamerica ( video ) of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next zecharia sitchin makes the best arguments for the south american connection in his book , the lost realms . sitchin attributes the influx of gods and men into the americas to the anunnaki , where in the western hemisphere the so - called mythological gods are named , for example , viracocha or quetzalcoatl . with viracocha quite possibly equated to the sumerian ishkur ( inanna s twin brother , aka the storm god ) , while quetzalcoatl might well be the sumerian ningishzidda and / or the egyptian thoth . dan sewell ward the anunnaki are a group of deities in ancient mesopotamian cultures ( i . e . sumerian , akkadian , assyrian , and babylonian ) . i host the church of mabus radio show and it is going on 8 years . i ve been in the paranormal community for 20 years . i provide content from a network of sources and guests and allies . ranging from politics to the paranormal and the spiritual . you can check out my other articles here at my biOgraphy at bin and you can check out my free radio show at this link here . thanks for showing your support and stopping by .
the twelve zodiac signs are separated into four categories . typically , the four categories are represented by the four elements . all of these groups are very important and each one has traits different from the next . in this article , we are going to focus on the water signs specifically . water signs are unique and are oftentimes quite mysterious . they can come off as a bit intense but the more you get to know them the more you realize that their intensity is so worth experiencing . you see , water signs are nurturing and those associated with this element are very emotional in nature and always express themselves openly . this is an element full of possibilities continue on to read about each sign associated with this enchanting element . the water signs : the symbol for this sign is the crab as you most likely already know . those born under this signs are generally quite helpful and patient . they care deeply for those around them and while they can be a bit moody they are quick to apologize for their wrongdoings . these people tend to be pretty family oriented and want nothing more than to provide for those who really matter . this sign is seen as one of the most intense and its symbol is the scorpion . they have a magnetic personality and are loyal to those who are closest to them . whether you are a good friend or a family member you will always be taken care of . those born under this sign tend to hate people who are simple - minded and they are often very secretive . that being said , they are also quite protective and possessive of those they are in a relationship with . this sign s symbol is the fish and while those who were born under this sign are a bit too self - pitying they are very comforting and wise . they can help just about anyone through anything when they really want to . they do , however , tend to be out of touch with reality on some level just about all the time but it is something they are able to deal with well . sure , this sign is the last one of the zodiac but it is definitely not least . it is one of the best signs in my opinion . these signs while they are all important and unique they also tend to get themselves in trouble . this being because their emotions are far more intense than they want them to be . their emotions guide them in life and they are not people who do not give up easily . are you one of the signs listed above , if so does this sound like you
could you imagine waking up in the morgue i for one would be traumatized for life a 29 - year - old prisoner by the name of gonzalo montoya jimenez was found unresponsive in his cell during a morning ro
in the latest attempt by pro - trump advocates to diffuse the ongoing scrutiny and controversy surrounding the president s potential collusion with russia , fox news host sean hannity stated that the witch hunt by special counsel mueller is now over as a result of a memo that has been circulating claiming an alleged surveillance abuse by the u . s . government . although the memo has yet to be released to the public , it is said that the details present an obstacle to the ongoing trump - russia investigation , with hannity explicitly stating that the memo details a scandal that is much larger than that of watergate . the conservative news host stated that his sources are suggesting a massive abuse of power , and an outright disregard of fourth amendment constitutional rights , despite the fact that none of this has yet to be proven . fyi : today trump ' s agents in the house used state media fox news to launch a new effort aimed at getting rosenstein fired so trump can fire mueller . also bruce ohr who was steele ' s doj contact . you can be certain the plot is nefarious and deeply dishonest . < URL > seth abramson ( sethabramson ) january 19 , 2018 trump supporters have long been claiming that the obama administration previously utilized the fisa program as a means of spying on the trump transition team , a charge that has been widely and vehemently denied by former members of the obama administration . hannity utilized his air time in order to further bash on the mueller team in their investigation of interactions between the trump campaign and russian officials , stating on his show that : this is far worse than watergate . this is an abuse of surveillance and intelligence to win an election . it is a massive abuse of power , and it was all done by just a few people who think and thought they knew better than you about who should be the president of the united states . it is the biggest national scandal by far in our lifetime . conservatives pushing hard for house intel to publicly release four - page summary of nunes investigation over what they say is fisa abuse during 2016 elections ; dems say nunes unilaterally put together a memo that leaves out key details and exaggerates findings manu raju ( mkraju ) january 19 , 2018 goP lawmakers were quick to comment on the memo , and the alleged abuses that came with it , using the currently unknown information to spark further controversy at the mueller investigation . the memo itself seemingly pertains to actions taken prior to the onset of the russian inquiries , with hannity s attacks focusing more so on the elections and implementation of the trump administration , rather than the work that mueller s team has done themselves . it will be unknown exactly what the memo says until released to the public , but regardless of the allegations within it , the ongoing investigation into collusion does not bear any less significance when analyzing actions of the trump campaign . featured image by getty images
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
one thing that has become evident in donald trump s first year as president , and more so in recent weeks , is his attempt to overcompensate whenever his intellect or mental stability are under attack . perhaps one of the foremost justifications that president uses to prove this point is the claim that he received an mba from the wharton school of finance , a university well - known for their premier and elite - level mba program . however , trump never actually received mba certification from the school . the associated press published a report which found that the then - nominee had not actually graduated from the program , and that his undergraduate degree was not even in business as he claims , but rather a bachelor of science in the economics field . according to the article from associated press , trump holds a bachelor of science degree in economics from wharton , earned after transferring in as a junior from fordham university . several early trump profiles , including a 1973 new york times piece , stated that he graduated first in his class at wharton , but that has since been disputed . a 1968 commencement program does not list his name among students who graduated with honors . given the high - ranking status of the school and the apparent intellect needed to complete such a rigorous graduate program , it is clear why trump has consistently brought up the wharton school to prove his intellect . the wharton school is renowned not only around the country , but globally , as being one of the top institutions to attain an education and graduate degree from . kurt eichenwald of vanity fair published a two - part twitter post ( seen below ) , outlining the crafty and subtle manipulation by the president to trick people into thinking he received his mba , without ever actually claiming that he did . trump just said , " i went to the best colleges , or college . " why the slip 1 or 2 answer : 2 . he wanted upenn , but dad ' s influence couldn ' t get him in . went to fordham . eventually , penn gave don a " rich boy " admission . never made dean ' s list , claims he graduated 1 st in his class . kurt eichenwald ( kurteichenwald ) january 6 , 2018 trump always refuses to mention fordham , because it is evidence that he wasn ' t good enough . he refuses to call u penn by that name , but instead calls it wharton , the undergraduate business school . but no one says " i went to wharton " when they are talking about undergrad . . kurt eichenwald ( kurteichenwald ) january 6 , 2018 they might say , i went to wharton undergrad , but never " i went to wharton . " why because wharton has the most highly respected graduate business program in the country . people who " went to wharton " are mbas . trump has been tricking people including me years ago into . kurt eichenwald ( kurteichenwald ) january 6 , 2018 believing he has a wharton mba ( which wouLd be a major accomplishment ) by his crafty word choice . trump has no mba . he can ' t read a balance sheet . he ' s just a guy who inherited lots of long ago and is so bad at business that no american banks will deal with him anymore . kurt eichenwald ( kurteichenwald ) january 6 , 2018 now , fordham is a great school . trump could say " i went to fordham , then transferred to upenn for the business program . " but then it would be , wait , did you get a wharton mba or not telling the truth about undergraduate destroys the deception on graduate degree . kurt eichenwald ( kurteichenwald ) january 6 , 2018 according to eichenwald , trump s constant disregard of his transfer status , coming first from fordham university and entering wharton in his junior year , causes this misperception that he must have completed the graduate program . in recent weeks , president trump has come under great scrutiny after the publication of michael wolff s bombshell book , fire and fury , which depicts accounts from individuals close to the trump administration , primarily pointed at his instability and unfitness for the presidency . in order to defend himself from these claims , trump has increased his self - promotion tactics , using his favorited communication platform , twitter , as well as speeches at varying events , attempting to convince the general public of his stable genius . the president recently unleashed a twitter rant ( seen below ) , wherein he lauded the strengths of his mental stability and heightened intellect , despite what wolff s book revealed about his temperament and behaviors . since the publication of the accounts shown in the book , many are calling for the president to receive a mental health evaluation in order to truly understand whether or not he is fit for the position he has assumed . as the array of controversies from his first year pile up , the president is taking every opportunity possible to legitimize his own credibility , while discrediting the legitimacy of his opponents . now that russian collusion , after one year of intense study , has proven to be a total hoax on the american public , the democrats and their lapdogs , the fake news mainstream media , are taking out the old ronald reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence . . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 6 , 2018 . actually , throughout my life , my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being , like , really smart . crooked hillary clinton also played these cards very hard and , as everyone knows , went down in flames . i went from very successful businessman , to top t . v . star . . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 6 , 2018 . to president of the united states ( on my first try ) . i think that would qualify as not smart , but genius . and a very stable genius at that donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 6 , 2018 after concerns arose regarding trump s fitness for office , the president went through a medical examination by a white house doctor . what came as a shock to many , dr . ronny jackson claimed in his review that trump was in excellent physical health , and that his cognitive capabilities were fully intact . however , perhaps it is not a question of his mental stability that is unfit for office , but rather the racially - biased and insensitive ideals he has used as a shrewd and manipulative businessman , attempting to translate the same processes in public office . as a result , the question that should be asked is more so one of ideological and moral fortitude , rather than psychological or physical fitness . featured image by getty images
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
helms jarrell , co - director of the qc family tree intentional christian community , had given crystal - clear instructions for the youth group s annual trip to boone , n . c . they had just hauled a van - full of enderly park teenagers up from charlotte and the group
helms jarrell , co - director of the qc family tree intentional christian community , had given crystal - clear instructions for the youth group s annual trip to boone , n . c . they had just hauled a van - full of enderly park teenagers up from charlotte and the group
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
barcelona star luis suarez has weighed on the roberto firmino scandal by insisting that the current liverpool frontman is completely innocent . nonsense it s all nonsense , suarez replied , when questioned about firmino alleged racial abuse of mason holgate during liverpool s 2 - 1 win . i don t know roberto firmino , i ve never met roberto firmino and have barely heard of roberto firmino , but i can say without hesitation that the man is 100 innocent , suarez said , advising the brazilian to never shake mason holgate s hand again , no matter how much criticism he gets . despite acknowledging he was not present during the incident , the uruguayan is confident a fellow south american would never say such a thing and claims false accusations of racism are common in england . he is a liverpool striker so he is accused of racism , it s par for the course , suarez said , citing the british media s overreaction to ian rush s comments on hitler being misunderstood , as well as the negative press coverage that surrounded michael owen s repeated public use of the n - word in the late 90 s . it s all a conspiracy and holgate s in on it . look at him , he s probably best friends with evra , or at the very least related to him , suarez added , insisting that once again he is definitely not racist . for more , follow our football page on facebook and twitter
helms jarrell , co - director of the qc family tree intentional christian community , had given crystal - clear instructions for the youth group s annual trip to boone , n . c . they had just hauled a van - full of enderly park teenagers up from charlotte and the group
why the next downturn will not look like 2008 headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next by wolf richter , wolf street : nine years of scorched - earth monetary policies come home to roost . there are always cycles . the current cycle started at the bottom of the great recession and will last until central banks put on the brakes , said ray dalio , founder of bridgewater associates , in an interview with bloomberg . we re in a perfect situation , inflation is not a problem , growth is good , but we have to keep in mind the part of the cycle we re in . we re in the late stage of the cycle , a period that might last two years , he said without specifying how far we re already into that late stage . we do know that the fed is gingerly taking the foot off the gas though it hasn t yet slammed on the brakes . when the operating rate gets high enough , when central banks think they should put on the brakes , he said , that s part of the cycle . from 2008 until the central banks put on the brake we have one kind of environment . so now we are closer to its capacity constraints and we re still going to have a lot of stimulation in particular short - term stimulation , and there is a lot of cash on the sidelines by investors , banks , consumers , and companies . and they can feel that they re being left out . it feels stupid to own cash in this kind of environment . he thinks this environment is going to be great for earnings and great for stimulation of growth . but we have to look beyond that : what is monetary policy going to be in that this short - term stimulus is producing a spurt , and this will be a 12 - to - 18 - month spurt , and while that spurt is taking place , and while people feel stupid about holding cash , the central banks will have to tighten monetary policy . there is a lot more interest - rate sensitivity in the economy , he said . assets themselves are more sensitive . like a 1 rise in bond yields will produce the largest bear market in bonds that we have seen since the 1980 to 1981 period . given that stimulus - driven spurt and the capacity constraints this spurt is running into , the fed will tighten at a rate that is probably faster than they re signaling because they re going to be concerned . you also have a supply and demand situation with bonds , he said . with larger deficits , the government has to sell more bonds . and this is happening just as the fed and other central banks are letting the securities on their balance sheets roll off , he said . the fed s Qe unwind is already happening , even the bank of japan has quietly started to reduce its bond holdings , despite verbiage about continued ultra - easy monetary policy , and the ecb has tapered its purchases to 30 billion a month and will likely end these purchases later this year . this is taking a lot of demand for securities off the table . at the same time , the deficit in the us has been climbing and will likely surge under the new tax cuts , and debt issuance to pay for it is expected to soar . in november , the us treasury said that it would increase auctions of treasury securities that have coupons , so longer - date securities . this excludes short - term bills , which mature in 52 weeks or less , and are sold at a discount from face value in lieu of a coupon . an increase in coupon auctions would be the first since november 2009 . on january 31 , the treasury department will announce some details on how it will finance the expected surge in deficit spending over the next three months . according to bloomberg , dealers forecast an onslaught of debt supply that will lead issuance to at least double this year to more than 1 trillion , the most since 2010 . for example , jPmorgan chase strategists lifted their projection for net new treasury issuance this year by about 100 billion , to 1 . 42 trillion compared to net issuance in 2017 of about 550 billion . with supply of this new debt surging , and with demand from central banks disappearing and even reversing ( Qe unwind ) , more investors will have to be lured from the woodwork to buy this debt , which may require a more appealing yield . there will always be demand for us treasuries but the yield may have to be higher , and therefore prices lower . hence the massive bear market in bonds , according to dalio . but dalio said that the next economic downturn is not going to look like 2008 , which was a classic debt crisis . the next economic downturn is going to be different , after nine years of scorched - earth monetary policies . read more wolfstreet . com source : < URL >
( photo : the christian post / samuel smith ) anne graham lotz speaks at the family research council ' s 2016 " watchmen on the wall " conference in washington , d . c . on may 26 , 2016 . evangelist anne graham lotz has warned that severe punishment is coming to america anything from a massive earthquake to a nuclear strike which she said will be a " game - changer . " lotz , founder of angel ministries , told the billy graham evangelistic association ' s decision magazine on monday that god is trying to get america ' s attention through the natural disasters and violence that have already befallen the country . she warned that even more severe punishment could be on the way , however . " and i ' m talking about something like a nuclear strike , an earthquake that splits us in two , an emp ( electromagnetic pulse ) attack that devastates our electrical grid . something major that would be a game - changer for america , because we are so defiant and rebellious and idolatrous and immoral , and we know better , " she said . the daniel prayer author warned that america continues to sin and refuses to repent , which is when god backs away . " you don ' t repent and you continue to sin and you become defiant , and he backs away further until in the end , god just turns you over to yourself , " she said . " that ' s where america is today . look at the end of romans 1 . he ' s just backed away from us , turned us over to ourselves . as they say , ' america , how ' s that working for you ' " the daughter of billy graham argued that the global conflicts and tensions are only the " birth pangs " before the return of jesus christ , reminding christians that matthew 24 : 7 in the bible speaks of a time when " nation will rise against nation , and kingdom against kingdom . there will be famines , pestilences and earthquakes in various places . " still , the evangelist said that god might spare america destructive judgment if christians start turning toward repentance , such as the jews did in joel 2 . " god tells them , ' if you will return to me and rend your hearts , not your garments , who knows but that i will return to you and leave behind a blessing ' so if america and i don ' t mean america as a whole because i wouldn ' t expect america as a whole to repent of her sin but if christians would come back to the cross , and if we would rend our hearts , " she suggested , calling on people to live unto god . this isn ' t lotz ' s first warning . she spoke out against what she called the serious divisions in america on a number of occasions in 2017 . " the atmosphere in our world is explosive . toxic . dark . dangerous to the extreme . and at this very moment when our nation should be standing together against wickedness and lawlessness , we are seriously divided , " lotz wrote on facebook in august . " it ' s time to ' inquire of the lord . ' now it ' s time to humble ourselves and pray and seek god ' s face and turn from our wicked ways , so he will hear from heaven and forgive our sin and heal our land . ( 2 chronicles 7 : 14 ) , " she urged . the evangelist further warned in september that god may be hiding himself from the u . s . because of its " national sins . " " our nation is in a mess . why could it be because america is losing god ' s blessing and his favor could our sin be provoking his judgment judgment that is not necessarily in the form of a nuclear dirty bomb , or in another isis attack , or in an economic collapse , " she wrote in an op - ed piece for hellochristian . com . " but in a romans 1 judgment that is described as ' the wrath of god being revealed against all the godlessness and wickedness of men who suppress the truth by their wickedness ' . . . and god is backing out of our national life and turning us over to ourselves . "
( photo : facebook ) david allen turpin , 57 , and his wife louise anna turpin , 49 , are pictured here with their 13 children . the severely malnourished and abused children of david allen turpin and his wife , louise , who were rescued sunday from their home by police in perris , california , after their 17 - year - old sibling escaped and alerted authorities , spent two years plotting their freedom from the house of horror . riverside county district attorney mike hestrin called what the turpins ' 13 children endured over the course of their lives at the hands of their parents an extreme case of " human depravity " as he laid out the allegations against them at a press conference thursday , the desert sun reports . " i will tell you as a prosecutor , there are cases that stick with you , they haunt you , " hestrin said . " sometimes in this business we are faced with human depravity . that is what we are looking at here . " hestrin explained that the children , ranging in ages from 2 to 29 , were starved so much their growth was stunted . it is alleged that the turpins would buy food like apple pies and leave them uneaten on a counter to taunt the children who were frequently tied up with rope . they would then be hogtied when they tried to escape . according to cBs , their 29 - year - old sibling weighed just 82 pounds , and a 12 year old weighed as much as an average 7 year old . after being beaten and choked in chains for months at a time , the children began planning their escape two years ago and on sunday , their moment of deliverance came . their 17 - year - old sister armed with an inactive cell phone escaped through a window and dialed 911 leading authorities to the home . what police subsequently saw was shocking , hestrin explained , according to cBs . " one of the reasons for the punishments were if the children were found to wash their hands above the wrist area , they were accused of playing in the water , and they would be chained up , " hestrin said , noting the siblings were allowed to shower no more than once a year . in more than four years , he said , none of the children had been to a doctor and they had never seen a dentist . they had very little knowledge of the outside world and were poorly homeschooled . just one of the older siblings attended classes at a local college and he was strictly supervised by his mother . the siblings were reportedly forced to sleep during the day and stay up at night . their parents would also buy them new toys but never let them take the toys out of the box . hestrin said the only entertainment the children had was writing in journals and authorities had recovered hundreds of journals which are being checked for evidence of how the siblings lived . " i think those journals are going to be strong evidence of what occurred in that home , " hestrin said . on thursday , david and louise turpin were charged with 12 criminal counts of torture , seven counts of abuse of a dependent adult , and 12 counts of false imprisonment that could keep them behind bars for life if they are convicted . david turpin also faces one count of committing a lewd act by force or fear . he and his wife have both pleaded not guilty and are now being held on bail of 13 million each .
( photo : reuters / jason lee ) a cross is seen behind a poster with the logo of communist party of china ( cpc ) near a catholic church on the outskirts of taiyuan , north china ' s shanxi province , december 24 , 2016 . two house church pastors in china have been told they must pay a fine of over 7 million yuan ( over 1 million Usd ) because they collected the same amount in offerings from their congregation . pastors su tianfu and yang hua of huoshi church in guizhou province have been facing the fine since may 2017 , china aid reported , but it was only earlier this month that a provincial court delivered a final verdict and confirmed the punishment . su and yang have been told that the money they collected from church offerings is " illegal income , " despite their argument that they have only used the money for the church itself . china aid noted that huoshi church was founded in 2009 and had been informing officials of all of its religious activities , following chinese law . still , communist government officials have targeted the church on a number of occasions , and arrested yang in december 2015 , charging him with " the crime of obstructing justice " and " gathering a crowd to disturb public order . " yang ' s wife , who was not named , claimed that when she arrived to pick him up on his release date , he had a black hood pulled over his head and was put in an unlicensed vehicle . a month after that , he was charged with " divulging state secrets . " yang reportedly endured torture while in custody , and his family was threatened with harm , before he was sentenced to two - and - a - half years in prison on jan . 5 , 2017 . shandong - based lawyer zhao yonglin accused communist party officials of abusing yang into making a confession . " the so - called state secret was a document prepared by a temporary city administrative task force calling for the destruction of living stone church . but the decision itself was illegal and should have been exposed instead , " zhao said at the time . chen jiangang , another lawyer for the pastor , explained that china is carrying out political persecution . " even a day in jail is too much for an innocent person , " chen told radio free asia . " i have only one thing to say about this . this isn ' t a judgment : it ' s persecution . " this is a political case that has nothing to do with the law or the truth . " chinese christians , a growing minority whose churches have been subjected to a widespread crackdown for years , are fearing persecution will get even worse in 2018 , following the government ' s destruction of an evangelical megachurch , captured on video . chinese military police detonated explosives inside golden lampstand church in linfen on jan . 9 , destroying the 2 . 6 million house of worship , despite the fact that it is owned by the christians who worship there . " the repeated persecution of golden lampstand church demonstrates that the chinese government has no respect for religious freedom or human rights , " said china aid president and founder bob fu . " chinaaid calls on the international community to openly condemn the bombing of this church building and urge the chinese government to fairly compensate the christians who paid for it and immediately cease these alarming demolitions of churches . "
( photo : reuters / dave kaup ) u . s . republican presidential candidate donald trump ( r ) shakes hands with co - headliner jerry falwell jr . , leader of the nation s largest christian university , during a campaign event at the orpheum theatre in sioux city , iowa january 31 , 2016 . a prominent baptist theologian has written an open letter to his fellow evangelicals , calling on president donald trump ' s supporters to admit they have been wrong , following trump ' s alleged " s * * * hole countries " or " s * * * house countries " comment . " trump ' s language and the worldview it expresses are absolutely contrary to everything truly , authentically evangelical ( or just christian ) , " roger e . olson , professor of christian theology of ethics at george w . truett theological seminary of baylor university , wrote in a blog post thursday . " my fellow evangelicals who continue to support and even defend trump in spite of everything he has said about the weak and vulnerable people of the world : it is time to admit you have been wrong and stop defending the indefensible . trump ' s labeling of certain countries as ' sh * thole countries ' because they are impoverished ( often as a result of european and american colonialism and exploitation ) is blatantly racist given their common racial identity , " he added . " but , even worse , it is not only vulgar but also blasphemous insofar as god loves the people of those countries , too . to label them ' s * * * hole countries ' from the seat of power and privilege because they are poor and weak is to stand against jesus who loved this world so much that he came into it to save it rather than just condemn it as it deserves ( john 3 : 16 - 17 ) . " olson ' s criticism stems from the much - reported on comments attributed to trump during an oval office meeting on immigration last week , when the president is said to have referred to haiti , el salvador , and african nations as " s * * * hole countries . " what is more , trump said america should take in more immigrants from european countries like norway instead . the precise wording and context of trump ' s reported remarks have been widely debated . trump has denied saying those words and some lawmakers who were at the meeting say the president did not make those exact remarks . but others , including illinois democratic sen . dick durbin , affirmed that the controversial comment was made . members on trump ' s evangelical council have been divided over the alleged remarks . megachurch pastor jentezen franklin , who leads the free chapel church , was one of those who criticized the language used , stating : " i don ' t agree with what the president said this week . it was wrong what he said . i say that respectfully . there ' s no nations that are trash and i ' m putting it kind what he said . there ' s no people in those nations that are worthless and trash . " the rev . dr . samuel rodriguez , president of the national hispanic christian leadership conference , stated that calling other countries " s * * * holes " is " wrong , inappropriate , and hurtful . " " why because when god looks at these nations , he sees his children , " rodriguez said . " every single person is created in the image of god . without exception . " council spokesman johnnie moore , meanwhile , expressed doubts on the veracity of the claims , arguing that they are " absolutely suspect and politicized . " olson , who in his blog noted that he has been an evangelical his entire life , pointed out that jesus christ himself was a " citizen of a ' s * * * hole country ' if there ever was one , " clarifying that that is what trump ' s labeling would argue . " in fact , however , we evangelicals believe the whole world is a ' s * * * hole country ' compared with the glory from which jesus came when he was born in bethlehem , " he wrote . olson said that he is unwilling to give up the " evangelical " label even as it becomes increasingly difficult to hold on to , with many in society associating it automatically with support for trump .
( screen shot : youtube ) camila cabello ' s " havana " gets a christian remix by beckah shae , january 9 , 2018 . singer beckah shae is back with another cover tune and this time she ' s revamped top 40 hit " havana " by former fifth harmony singer and pop sensation camila cabello . the vocal powerhouse transformed the mainstream lyrics " havana , ooh na - na " into " hosanna , hosanna , all of my heart is cryin ' hosanna , hosanna . " shae then sings , " he ' s comin ' back soon , we need him more than ever all of my heart ' s cryin ' hosanna . he ' s raising up a standard , hosanna , hosanna . " the christian pop singer - songwriter wrote all the lyrics to the worship remix . " we need to wake up , acknowledge his presence ( when he comes in the room ) / and hear what he ' s sayin / cause there ' s a message / that ' s right we need the truth / we ' re doin ' forever in a minute ( hey ) / your race is up to you / and abba says he ' s gone help us win it , " shae belted out for the first verse . the youtube cover song has garnered over 100 , 000 plays in its first week and is still climbing . the singer often partners with her husband and music producer , jack " shoc " shocklee , to create music . all of shae ' s projects to date have been a collaborative effort between the two . shae and shoc were married in 2004 and are parents to three daughters . their two eldest daughters share their parents ' gift for music . while they ' ve managed to create and release content together throughout the years , shae ' s admitted that the music industry hasn ' t been supportive of their ideas . in a 2014 interview with breathecast , the singer described the times she and her husband walked into major record labels with the vision they felt god had given them , but the companies weren ' t interested . set on changing shae ' s direction , some of these faith - based labels even criticized her for working with her husband and told her to go back to college . " we had so much rejection , and a lot of times we feel like we ' ve had no support , " she said . " it crushed us and hurt us , but we walked out stronger . " shae is now offering her talents on patreon , a new service that allows creatives to get paid by running a membership business for their fans . for more information about shae , click here .
( screenshot : twitter / life . church ) britny richardson in a video for life . church posted on january 15 , 2018 . a young mother , who one day was on the verge of suicide as she felt she was unable to care for her children , has shared her inspirational story of speaking to god during a visit to pastor craig groeschel ' s life . church , which she says saved her . " i didn ' t realize what being a single mom would be like . there are days where i couldn ' t afford to feed myself , and i would ask my mom to please feed my kids before they came home after i got them from work , " britny richardson says in a video posted by life . church on twitter earlier this week . " i got so depressed , and i decided that i was going to sign my kids over to their dad , and i was just going to end my life , " richardson adds . she says that she went to church one more time and that she remembers asking god " please help me . " " and god showed me his grace , and his love , and his mercy , " she states , which was followed by video clips of her recieving a water baptism . " it ' s amazing to see what god ' s doing in so many lives through this church , and i get to be one of them , " she comments . the video noted that there have been 1 , 554 baptisms at the 24 locations of the edmond , oklahoma - based megachurch . the topics of suicide and mental health have been gaining prominence in christian churches across america in recent years , with saddleback church pastor rick warren and his wife , kay , holding spotlighting the extent of the problem following the suicide of their son in 2013 . " as suicide loss survivors , rick and i know firsthand the almost unbearable agony that accompanies the suicide of someone you love . we ache for those in our congregation and in yours who are experiencing despair , " kay warren wrote in september 2017 for world suicide prevention day , referring to the couple ' s loss of their 27 - year - old son , matthew . " these friends brothers and sisters in christ need to know that their church is a safe place to share the inward torment of their pain , and that their pain will be met with deep compassion and acceptance . " more than 800 , 000 people die by suicide each year and 25 times as many make suicide attempts , statistics have shown , among them pastors and church leaders . back in december , bill lenz , a wisconsin pastor who focused his ministry on suicide prevention , had taken his own life after a months - long battle with depression . " over the last three months , he had what he would have just called anxiety . he would have bouts where he would be close to panic attacks or he would have panic attacks . and it was just so mysterious for him because he had never dealt with anything related to that at all , " christ the rock community church ' s executive pastor , curt drexler , told the christian post in an interview at the time . " it was troubling to him . ' like where did this come from . ' "
( photo : the christian post samuel smith ) trillia newbell , the director of community outreach for the southern baptist convention ' s ethics religious liberty commission , speaks at the 2018 evangelicals for life conference hosted at the j . w . marriott in washington , d . c . on jan . 19 , 2018 . washingtOn trillia newbell is a former atheist who considered children a " nuisance . " " what is funny is that i am here at a pro - life event talking about the love of children . it ' s crazy . why there was a time when i would have thought that children were a nuisance , a bother , expendable , " she shared at the third annual evangelicals for life conference on friday . " there was a time when i thought that children didn ' t matter and all that mattered where those of us that were adults and teens walking around . i was pro - choice . but , i wasn ' t just pro - choice . i was pro - choice to an extreme . go to the extreme and there i was . i also wasn ' t a christian . " newbell explained that although she grew up in a loving home and was taught by her father the importance of loving people of all races and backgrounds , she never fully grasped the concept of personhood in the womb because she didn ' t believe that babies in the womb were people . " my views became more and more radical throughout my teen years and into my early 20 s , " she said . while working at a summer camp when she was just 19 years old , newbell explained that god was " gracious " enough to put her in a room with a girl that she recalls being " on fire for jesus . " " i was 19 and i was teaching a private camp . she was my assistant and we happened to be in this room by ourselves together . i will never forget when she sat on the bed to open her bible during quiet time . i immediately got incredibly defensive and asked her , ' what are you doing ' she said , ' having quiet time , ' " newbell said , as she tried to mimic her assistant ' s cheerful voice . " i thought christians were crazy and i thought , ' if you are about to take that bible and say something with it , i am going to take that bible and smack you , ' " she continued . " that ' s where i was , which is so hard for people to think of if you know me now because the lord did amazing work . " newbell explained that by the end of the night , she was crying , confessing her sins , and telling her assistant her life story . despite the powerful experience that night , newbell said that she did not give her life to christ that night because she had a boyfriend that she " did not want to give up at that time . " it was at the age of 22 , newbell stated , that she was " humbled " after suffering from two broken engagements to be married . " i remember going to her church and hearing that hymn ' rock of ages . ' there is a line ' wash me saviour or i ' ll die , ' " she recalled . " i knew at that moment that i needed a savior . my life was transformed immediately . the lord radically transformed my life . " newbell told the audience that ephesians 2 sums up her testimony . " at the beginning it says , ' i was dead following the prince of the power of the air , following the spirit that is now at work in the sons of disobedience . we all live there too in the passions of our flesh , carrying out the desires of the body in mind , children of wrath . ' that was me , " she told the crowd . " verse 4 , ' but god , being rich in mercy , because of the great love with which he loved us even when we were dead in our tresspasses made us alive together with christ . ' by grace , i was saved . it was grace that i wasn ' t looking for , grace that i didn ' t know that i needed . god miraculously saved me . " god takes dead people and gives them resurrection life . that ' s what he did . he took a dead girl and gave her resurrection life . god radically transformed everything about me , all of me . he transformed my heart and he also transformed my mind . he transformed my worldview . " newbell said that she began to understand that she too , was created in god ' s image and that realization changed how she viewed " all people . " " that moment when i started to understand that image of god and that god placed value and dignity into people , that meant that psalm 139 : 13 wasn ' t just something religious people read and talked about but was true that god knit together babies in a mother ' s womb , " she asserted . " that meant that those with disabilities are important and valuable to the lord and therefore , important and valuable to me . " as she learned more about what was important to the lord , she began to understand that her views on things like abortion and end - of - life " didn ' t fit " with her new faith . " what it meant and what i was learning was that all life mattered to the lord , all life . from the womb until the day we face jesus it matters to god . therefore , it matters to me and it matters to us , " she proclaimed . newbell , who is now an author and director of community outreach for the southern baptist convention ' s ethics religious liberty commission , explained that she eventually realized that the kind of love her father was teaching her to have for other people before he passed away when she was 19 was not his idea , but god ' s idea . " when i became a christian at the age of 22 , the lord became my father , " newbell said . " i understood what it meant to be fatherless . the lord helped me see that my desire for equality and the dignity of people made in his image . . . was his desire . " although two broken engagements were part of what ultimately led newbell to christ when she was 22 , newbell explained that her boyfriend that she chose over god when she was 19 , thern newbell , ended up accepting christ . the newbells have been married for 15 years and have two kids . " god takes dead people and gives them resurrection life . he reconciled us first to himself and then to each other , " she explained . " here is what i want you to know . my testimony is radical , if you knew me when i was 19 and in my 20 s and how opposed i was to things of the lord . there are people who are walking around right now who need jesus . if god can transform my heart and i am speaking here and i work for the erlc , it ' s radical and it ' s ridiculous . he can do that for and with anyone . " the evangelicals for life conference kicked off thursday and is being hosted by the erlc . newbell ' s testimony was delivered just before the march for life .
could you imagine waking up in the morgue i for one would be traumatized for life a 29 - year - old prisoner by the name of gonzalo montoya jimenez was found unresponsive in his cell during a morning ro
twin cities mosque releases the video which shows only muslims at the mosque at the time of the incident last august , but claims an unidentified person in a truck threw a bomb at the mosque which broke a window and only did minor damage to the imam s office . they think the person who did this had been at the mosque before because he knew where the imam s office was . no suspects have been identified , but only because the police haven t interrogated any members of the mosque . now the mosque members say they are scared about another attack and want people to share their pain . yeah right .
on thursday , goP lawmakers and pro - trump advocates continued their attempt to deflect attention away from the russia investigation , using the newly uncovered fisa memo as a means of bashing the democrats and discrediting the mueller investigation . despite the fact that the memo has yet to be publicly released and the contents remain unknown , media figures such as sean hannity have attacked left - leaning government officials for their overreach and abuse of power , calling for mueller to end his witch hunt investigation . however , as trump advocates provide little evidence to back up their claims , the reality of collusion and meddling of russian officials in the 2016 elections becomes more apparent by the day . one aspect of russian interference has been seen through the establishment of social media accounts as a means of spreading propaganda to influence the outcome of the presidential elections . on friday , online platform twitter stated that they had identified and suspended 1 , 062 accounts on their site , which they found to be directly related to the internet research agency , a well - known russian - linked content distributor . donald trump jr . is tweeting the same hashtag as russia - linked twitter accounts . coincidence < URL > renato mariotti ( renato_mariotti ) january 19 , 2018 the new suspensions by twitter brought the grand total of internet research agency - linked accounts to 3 , 814 , comprising of 175 , 993 tweets that were published during the presidential race . aside from the individual accounts that were used to disseminate propaganda during the elections , twitter stated that they identified another 13 , 512 russia - linked bot accounts , all of which published tweets and promoted information that directly influenced the outcome of the 2016 election campaigns . in their attempt to identify these issues and maintain transparency with platform users , twitter announced an outreach that would inform individuals of the russian - linked content they may have viewed . in doing so , twitter outlined in a statement that , consistent with our commitment to transparency , we are emailing notifications to 677 , 775 people in the united states who followed one of these accounts or retweeted or liked a tweet from these accounts during the election period . because we have already suspended these accounts , the relevant content on twitter is no longer publicly available . twitter s statement goes on to depict various images and posts that were published by the kremlin - linked accounts , in order to provide context for the content that was distributed . since learning of the gaps within their platform , and the ability of foreign agents to capitalize on such openings , twitter said that it is working to ensure that these kinds of manipulative strategies can no longer take place . the discovery of new russian - linked accounts comes just days after twitter representatives testified in front of the senate commerce committee , which took place earlier this week . the focus of the hearing itself was targeted towards the use of twitter byextremists in promoting propaganda and garnering support for their detrimental causes , but also touched on the various shortcomings within the platform that allowed russian influence to become a factor in the election process . i ' ve been tough with twitter on this , but i ' m encouraged to see the company beginning to take responsibility and notify its users of russia ' s influence campaign on its platform . < URL > mark warner ( markwarner ) january 19 , 2018 lawmakers grilled twitter for the gaps in their software , questioning whether their platform is causing the u . s . democracy to become more susceptible to attacks . nevertheless , as twitter continues to crackdown on the misuse of their platform , more evidence surrounding the russia investigation is coming to light . featured image by getty images
if there is one thing president trump has become infamous for in his only one year in office , it s his insensitive and biased attacks against nearly every minority group that exists within the country , whether this came in the form of his racist remarks towards mexican citizens as being rapists or criminals , or blatantly commanding his supporters at his rallies to attack african - american protesters that came to advocate against his hateful policies . one would think that upon assuming office , such rhetoric would dwindle , as the need to be more unifying in such a high - level office would demand a more neutral tone . however , as trump has shown since his ventures into the political field , there is no limit to the surprises he has in store . his most recent controversy came during a closed door meeting , wherein he referred to various impoverished countries as sh * thole countries , and asking why the united states accepts immigrants from these nations to begin with . one specific country that was mentioned among them was that of haiti , which has been stricken with an array of natural disasters that left devastation in their wake . yet , as activists have shown time and time again since trump s taking of power , such speech and ignorant remarks will not go unanswered . on friday , hundreds of haitian natives and haitian - americans organized in front of trump tower in new york , protesting their distaste of the president s hateful comments . although trump himself was not in new york during the time of the protest , the chants and slogans of these haitian individuals was heard around the country . according to the new york daily news , hundreds of haitians marched from the brooklyn bridge to trump tower friday in protest of the president s derogatory comments about their homeland . waving haitian flags and dancing to the beat of drums and horns , the number of demonstrators multiplied as they streamed into midtown . today , the haitian community marched across the brooklyn bridge to protest trump ' s racist remarks about immigrants . also , i was there , and it was my first time walking across the bridge after living in brooklyn for a year < URL > pic . twitter . com / Xodchlalyu paul stremple ( paulstremple ) january 20 , 2018 trump s latest comments not only infuriated the migrants from the countries in question , as well as lawmakers on the other side of the aisle , but also many members of his own party . almost immediately after the news broke of what the president said , numerous gop representatives spoke against the nature of his rhetoric , outlining that the things that came out of his mouth was not indicative of the american way . rep . mia love ( r - u . t . ) , herself a haitian - american , was outraged at the inability of the president to understand the circumstances and external forces at play , and the inherent struggles that such migrants have to deal with on a daily basis . those who were also involved in the meeting also mentioned rep . lindsey graham ( r - s . c . ) , who was reportedly seated close to the president in the meeting , as criticizing trump immediately after the comments were made , fighting back against the uninformed remarks . trump continues to deny making the remarks , despite the fact that a wide array of individuals sitting in on the meeting , both republican and democrat , affirmed the accuracy of the distasteful comments . as trump continues to marginalize minority groups in the country , it is evident that an even greater number of his own base are turning against him as well . never said anything derogatory about haitians other than haiti is , obviously , a very poor and troubled country . never said take them out . made up by dems . i have a wonderful relationship with haitians . probably should record future meetings unfortunately , no trust donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 12 , 2018 featured image by getty images
it is always good to take a break from the challenging things that you do on a daily basis and look at something entertaining on the internet because our brains need a break every once in a while one great way to take a break but not go completely brain dead while on the web is to do those interesting web puzzles that you come across that really make you think about what you are doing , and require some extra thought than compared to just browsing and shopping . this puzzle will probably get you very frustrated but has quite a simple answer . take a look at this block of text , and see if you can find your name in here : if you can t , don t worry because most people typically get tricked up when they start looking for their name and realize that you need to actually look for your name within the block of text . tricky take another look and see if you can find your name now . you should be able to spot it three times . if you give up and simply cannot locate your name , check out the video below to see the answer for yourself the trickiest one is at the top because it is backward . this type of puzzle is actually the type of puzzle that is most recommended by brain doctors for keeping mental health in tip top condition . this is because when you do these puzzles , your brain is not rapidly multitasking , which really wears and tears on the frontal lobe in your head which puts us under a lot of stress , not only in our brains but in our bodies as well . when we are under stress , our body emits a toxic hormone called cortisol into the memory sector of the brain . this means that when you multitask , you are slowly decreasing your memory capabilities that is why if you just take some time out of the day to stop your hectic work day , cut your constant connection with technology , and sit back and relax to do these puzzles , you will be at a better overall health if you do these puzzles over time repeatedly . they help you relax , unwind , and prevent that nasty hormone from being released that makes us feel awful . if you want more help keeping your brain in that tip top working order , here is another puzzle that you can do . this one is a bit more centered around for children , however , it still has the same effect on your head because it will help divert your attention from the rest of the bust things going on around you . you should be able to find six hidden words . they are pretty well stuck in there too , except for the obvious one on the side of the boy who is sitting on the couch and reading . did you find all six let us know if you do crossword puzzles and word searches often in the comments below , and let us know how they affect your overall health
a quick glance at this image will bring up nothing surprising . you ll see what looks like a group of friends . these six young women are all lounging around together and smiling at the chance to take a photo with their good friends . the setting seems to be in someone s living room or basement , and the young ladies are all sitting around or on the couch . but this image has gone viral for a shocking reason . people cannot find one of the lady s legs and it is driving a lot of people crazy . brain teasers are all the rage right now . and since you re sitting at your computer or looking at your phone , then you re in just the right place to play with this image . while these six women are all in the image , all their limbs appear not to be . this viral image came into popularity after it was posted to reddit a while back . and now it is making a resurgence . the girls in the photo were the original ones to notice the case of the missing legs . if you take a close look , you ll only see five pairs of legs while there are six women in the image . the women themselves were surprised to see the phantom legs missing . where did they go and how could they not appear in the image just so you know , and there are no questions from you , each of these six women have two arms and two legs each . so that is not the reason there are only five pairs of legs in the picture . so which woman is the culprit it s the one who is the third from the left . she appears to be entirely without legs . you see it , right you should also know something special about this picture . the six women in the image did not purposely pose this way to make it an optical illusion image . this happened by accident and was completely random . and that makes it all the more unsettling . it was just a perfectly executed image that was to go on to become one of the best viral pictures ever . when the image as posted to reddit , it went viral almost immediately . the comment section exploded with questions , and others tried to provide answers . but it is still confusing , and people just don t know where that missing pair of legs went . some people believe the legs were hiding in plain sight . perhaps the women third from the left has her legs spread wide , and the other two women on either side of her have their legs up and over them . this image was so perplexing some internet gurus took it upon themselves to figure out the truth . they started to play with the brightness and contrast of the image . then they began to outline the body shapes of the young women . but the questions remains , where is the third from the left s legs because the image went viral , fox friends invited the women from appleton , wisconsin to discuss the picture on air . where do you think her legs went
whether the weather is beautiful or dreary , dogs usually love to get outside and explore a world of smells humans can only dream of . and no place is as fun for a dog to go than the forest or the park . and when the weather is wonderful out , dog owners go out in droves to stroll among the trees and give their canines the gift of lots of good smells . dogs love it . they get some exercise , and the owners get to see their best friends having some fun . when dogs get off the leash , they love to run around and have fun . they ll jump around the tall grass and sprint through everything smelling when their noses urge them to . some dogs enjoy hiding from their owners . although we ve shared a lot of stories about snakes and other reptiles using their natural camouflage to hide in plain sight , we also share videos and images of mammals sometimes too . and in this instance , you ll see the moment when a doberman got lost within the dried ferns in the woods . the huge black and brown dog has somehow disappeared from the owner s sight . and they are surprised they have lost the dog . but after searching the field and wooded area for the pooch , owner karen fornos klein , snapped a picture of her doberman , ambar , out in the roughage . she later looked at the photo and shared it with the facebook group called surrey dog owners . that s when she realized it was nearly impossible to spot the large dog . and when she asked people in the group to point out ambar , they had a very difficult time doing it . and so did all us at awM . only our avid hunter was able to use his practice skill of seeing camouflaged bucks to spot the hidden doberman . can you see the black and brown ambar among the ferns look closely , and you should be able to spot the dog . but if you don t you ll need a helping hand . first , we ll tell you a little bit about the surrey dog owners facebook group which helps people talk about their pups and connects them with local rescues . there are a lot of dogs put to sleep due to space already , and that s the main reason why we are going to be focusing only on the dogs from this country . it makes sense that this group helps connect dog lovers with rescue animals they could take home the same day . ambar is very hard to see in the image . that s because he is mostly covered the with dried brown ferns . the dog is in the bottom left - hand quadrant . since he is blocked by the foliage , you ll need to look for the outline of his head . and you ll be able to see his black ears popping through the image . only those who have superb vision and the ability to see animals through camouflage will be able to see ambar the doberman in this picture . even if you didn t see him , challenge your friends and see if they are able to spot the hiding dog
if you think you have eagle eyes or 20 / 20 vision , then you re in for a challenge . the video below is offering up something that 90 percent of people fail to accomplish within the first few seconds . you need to scour this image and look for the camouflaged cat that is hiding in plain sight . and i use quotations on those words because despite how it might sound , this quiz is not an easy one to finish . you ll be struggling to get through it and find the feline frolicking in the field . check out the youtube video below and tell us how you did . were you able to spot the cat when you press play on the video included below , you may be pleasant surprised to see that you have 5 minutes to find the cat . but believe me , taking all the allotted time does not prove that you have eagle eyes . if you want to really test your gumption , try to find the cat within the first 20 seconds . if you do , then you really have something to brag about , because this cat is not easy to spot . a seasoned hunter who is trained to look for animals blended in among the scenery might be able to see the cat faster than most . but if you re not a hunter , do not be discouraged . you can still find the cat if you re very observant and quick on your toes . just image that you need to find the cat . if you need some advice on finding camouflaged animals , here are a few tips . look for a disturbance in the pattern . as you sweep your eyes back and forth over the image , look for anything that interrupts the pattern of the grass and the background . although the colors will match very closely , you should be able to spot a difference in the landscape if you re an eagle - eyed person . camouflage works in two ways . according to Ucsb science line , the animal has particular markings or colors that allow it to blend in with its most typical environment ( leopard spots to mimic the dappled shadows of the forest or a bird that has feather colors and patterns that blend with tall grass or tree bark , for example ) . another person wrote on Ucsb science line , one way animals camouflage themselves is by matching their background . insects are really good at this because their exoskeletons ( shells ) can have so many different colors and patterns . some squids and octopi are great at changing their color and behavior to match their background . another way is by having patterns on their bodies that break up their outline . this works like the camouflage that hunters and soldiers wear . a solid - colored object is easy to see because the background is usually a pattern of light and dark . an animal with patterns of light and dark blends in better . you can demonstrate this to yourself and your friends by coloring some objects a solid color and some a pattern of light and dark blotches , then and seeing which are easier to find . did you find the cat
internet ukrainian fascists and their newly conscripted military marched on russia friday , taking both moscow and st . petersburg in an overnight blitzkrieg mobile infantry offensive . millions are dead after preliminary warning nukes were detonated in low population density areas in the united states , europe , central asia , australia , and siberia . the american s nazi puppets in kiev were aided by plausibly deniable drone strikes , but putin , who has disappeared , threatened to level kiev with as many nuclear strikes as it might take , and appeared shirtless , in front of a slowly waving a soviet flag . the un has suggested citizens of the world dig themselves a nuclear proof foxhole at least ten feet underground and flee in the event of a detonation . the holes do not provide any protection unless citizens are deep within at the moment of detonation . climatologist dr . angsthrum h . truebador said , if we weren t doomed to a slow population decline from carbon emissions , well now it looks like it will be a severe and possibly fatal crash . the few who survive will have scant memory of humanities great technological achievements . thank god .
( photo : reuters / kevin lamarque ) u . s . president donald trump addresses the annual march for life rally , taking place on the national mall , from the white house rose garden in washington , u . s . , january 19 , 2018 . president donald trump has become the first sitting president of the united states to directly address the annual march for life . speaking via satellite from the rose garden of the white house on friday , trump stated that he was " honored " and " proud " to be the first commander - in - chief to address the march for life . " today , tens of thousands of families , students , and patriots , and really just great citizens , gather here in our nation ' s capital , " said trump , his speech broadcast on a large screen before the march for life rally attendees at the national mall . " you come from many backgrounds , many places , but you all come for one beautiful cause : to build a society where life is celebrated , protected , and cherished . the march for life is a movement born out of love . you love your families , you love your neighbors , you love our nation , and you love every child , born and unborn , because you believe that every life is sacred , that every child is a precious gift from god . " because of you , tens of thousands of americans have been born and reached their full god - given potential . " expand collapse ( screenshot : march for life ) tens of thousands of people gather at the national mall in washington , d . c . , for the 45 th annual march for life , jan . 19 , 2018 . during his remarks , trump touted his pro - life efforts as president , including the reinstituting of the mexico city policy , which bans the government funding of abortions overseas , and reversing an obama - era policy that made it hard for state governments to defund planned parenthood . most recently , his administration issued a new proposal to protect conscience rights of medical professionals . noting that the united states is one of seven countries that allows elective abortions after 20 weeks , trump also denounced such abortions as " wrong " and that " it has to change . " " we are protecting the sanctity of life and the family as the foundation of our society , but this movement can only succeed with the heart , the soul , and the prayer of the people , " added trump , who called life " the greatest miracle of all . " he ended , " we are with you all the way . " vice president mike pence , who spoke in person at the 2017 march for life , gave introductory remarks wherein he called trump " the most pro - life president in american history . " " from preventing taxpayer dollars from funding abortion overseas to empowering states to respect life in title x , to nominating judges who will uphold our god - given liberties enshrined in the constitution of the united states , this president has been a tireless defender of life and conscience in america , " stated pence . " and know , as you march for life , that your compassion , your persistence , your activism and your prayers are saving lives . and this pro - life generation should never doubt we are with you , this president stands with you , and he who said ' before i formed you in the womb , i knew you , ' is with you as well . " trump ' s remarks came as part of the 45 th anniversary march for life , the large annual rally at the district of columbia held on or around the anniversary of the landmark supreme court decision , roe v . wade . this year ' s theme for the march for life was " love saves lives , " which march for life president jeanne mancini stated last october was the fundamental premise of the pro - life movement . " choosing life is not always easy , but it is the loving , empowering , and self - sacrificial option . love is universally attractive because it is directed towards others , " stated mancini . " love is what we all strive for because deep - down we are all drawn to give of ourselves in this way . love saves lives in countless ways . "
the peace movement must recognize that war is an instrument of class rule , and that we have to overthrow this enemy and build and new society , on a new basis , said ajamu baraka ,
global meatpacking giant is employing virtually all their cheap labor from muslim countries now , especially somalia and sudan , in a deal between jbs swift and a lutheran refugee resettlement agency that will transform entire american bible belt towns into islamic hellholes . wnd a lutheran resettlement agency that places united nations refugees into dozens of u . s . cities and towns is working with the world s largest meatpacking conglomerate to train refugees for work in four american states while also softening up the local natives to be more welcoming . the secretive pilot program between baltimore - based lutheran immigration and refugee service and the u . s . subsidiary of jbs swift aims to pump more muslim refugees into georgia , texas , iowa and michigan to work in the company s meat plants . if successful , the pilot program could be renewed for a second year and replicated at jbs meat plants across the u . s . jbs swift , the brazilian - based global meat - processing giant , has agreed to pay lutheran immigration and refugee services , or lirs , 155 , 000 to implement the pilot program over the next year in the four states , according to a draft of the partnership agreement obtained by wnd from a person with inside knowledge of the deal . the shock here is to find out that a religious agency is being paid by a foreign global corporation to train muslim refugees and ultimately transform the demographics of small towns in america s heartland , said ann corcoran , an expert on the international movement of refugees and the nine volunteer agencies that resettle them for the u . s . department of state . since the targeted demographic is meatpacking towns , which tend to be located in small towns that s a direct hit against republican congressmen and president donald trump , said corcoran . trump was elected president by rural and semi - rural america , she said . the major urban centers all went for hillary clinton , so every republican voter should be concerned about what the meatpacking industry is doing here , trying to import the third world and more democrat voters into rural america . trump has slowed the influx of refugees to about half the level seen under president obama , but he has been unable to dismantle the resettlement industry , which will be primed to crank right back up as soon as a democrat or globalist republican takes over the white house . the following are the cities in those states where jbs has meatpacking plants : iowa council bluffs , marshalltown and ottumwa , mostly pork production michigan plainwell , mostly beef georgia elberton , douglas , athens , ellijay , canton and carrollton , mostly chicken texas waco , lufkin , nacogdoches , pittsburg and mount pleasant , mostly chicken lirs has inked another partnership deal with tyson foods , a major poultry producer , to provide financial literacy classes to tyson employees , starting with a pilot program in northwest arkansas / missouri . a very small town like noel , missouri , or lexington , nebraska , can be flipped in as little as 10 years , transforming a 90 - plus percent native christian community into a diverse mix of african and asian enclaves , mostly muslim by faith . take the case of tiny noel , which went from a sleepy little tourist town of 1 , 000 people on the elk river to a city nearly double that size after tyson foods opened a chicken plant there and started hiring african refugees in the early 2000 s . by 2010 , between about 500 somali refugees and 60 to 70 sudanese refugees made up the town s 1 , 800 residents . most of the new arrivals were sent there to work for tyson foods . in 2011 , 130 muslim employees stopped working temporarily after they were discouraged from praying five times a day by tyson managers . the town s mayor , john lafley , said the muslim refugees , want to practice their sharia law here , and that s one thing the city won t tolerate . the u . s . meatpacking industry has replaced many of its u . s . workers , first with mexicans in the 1970 s and 1980 s , and then with african asian muslims in the 1990 s and early 2000 s . over a period of about 20 years , the industry went from being one of the highest - paid manufacturing industries to one of the lowest . people would stand in line for these jobs because they actually paid a living wage , says corcoran , who went on a tour of meatpacking towns throughout the west and midwest in the summer of 2016 to find out how refugee labor was being exploited while transforming small town america into islamic enclaves . under the 2030 agenda , approved by president obama and 190 world leaders in september 2015 , citizens of underdeveloped countries in africa , asia , and the middle east are seen as human capital to be shifted around the world like pieces on a chess board . as mainly muslim migrants , they are granted u . n . rights to access everything from jobs to affordable healthcare , affordable transportation and housing in wealthy western nations . the following are the nine federal contractors that resettle u . n . refugees , and the extent to which they are funded by federal tax dollars . church world service , ( part of national council of churches ) 71 percent funded by taxpayers ethiopian community development council , 93 percent funded by taxpayers episcopal migration ministries , 99 . 5 percent funded by taxpayers hebrew immigrant aid society , 57 percent funded by taxpayers international rescue committe e , 66 . 5 percent funded by taxpayers u . s . committee for refugees and immigrants , 98 percent funded by taxpayers lutheran immigration and refugee services , 95 percent funded by taxpayers united states conference of catholic bishops , 97 percent funded by taxpayers world relief corp . , an arm of the national association of evangelicals , 73 percent funded by taxpayers related stories / Videos : somali muslims lose religious discrimination lawsuit against jbs swift meat packing plant in omaha
azhar hussain , 56 , a former indiana state university professor arrested for making false reports about anti - islamic threats and attacks against him has pleaded guilty to charges of obstruction for justice and harassment . tribune star azhar hussain , 56 , received a one - year sentence suspended to informal probation on the case filed in vigo superior court 1 . his trial had been set to begin sept . 7 . in march , hussain reported an attack at his on - campus office . he told isu police he was thrown to the floor by an unknown attacker . police later determined the attack did not happen . hussain was dismissed from his teaching position at the university . hussain also claimed he d received emails containing anti - muslim messages and threats of potential violence against members of the muslim community . investigators were able to track the computers from which the emails originated and uncovered evidence to charge hussain with sending the emails himself . muslims are notorious for staging anti - muslim hate hoaxes , and only recently have started getting caught by police who are rightly suspicious of the continuous reports by muslims of alleged hate crimes that are never resolved because there are no perpetrators . muslims feeling bad about their terrible reputations around the world , the result of repeated islamic terror attacks and their relentless efforts to islamize the west , are resorting to making up fake stories about anti - muslim hate incidents , in order to get media pity . when billboards like the one below in indiana start popping up , muslims go crying to the media , where there are plenty of muslim - sympathizing useful idiots to dish out the pity they so do not deserve . ironically , there is no mention of the name prophet mohammed on this billboard , yet all muslims seem to know exactly who this perfect man is . hmmmm .
the university of cincinnati is investigating comments a popular music professor made about a muslim music student s assignment after they were shared by her on social media . among professor ( right ) clifford adam s notes : july 4 th is not the day we tape a sign to a damn stick and go out and march with smug college brats and dysphoric drama queens . ( see the rest below ) so , why is this muslim student studying music , when music is considered haram ( forbidden ) and a sin according to islam univ of cincinnati college - conservatory of music assistant professor clifford adams comments first went public thursday when another uc student posted a photo of the exchange on facebook . fay alwattari s post shows that her friend wrote about the song walk on water for a class assignment : i am a middle eastern muslim female therefore trump s presidency and all the hate he has promoted and encouraged has impacted my family , friends , and i . this song restores my faith in america by depicting what america is really about and why we celebrate july 4 th . it includes a diverse range of people from white , black , young , old , straight and gay all coming together to celebrate the birth of a country that is built off the idea of freedom . adams responses , according to the screenshot . the comments were able to be seen by all students in adams online what s hot in popular music class , according to alwattari s post . the u . s . president s first sworn duty is to protect america from enemies , and the greatest threat to our freedom is not the president , it is radical islam . review this list of islamic terrorist attacks and then tell me about your hurt feelings . now , about muslim females . as you well know , young muslim women are murdered by their father or a brother for dating or for holding hands with a non - muslim boy muslim females are safer in america than in any middle eastern country . how dare you complain while enjoying our protection and just fYi : july 4 th is not the day we tape a sign to a damn stick and go out and march with smug college brats and dysphoric drama queens , it is a federal holiday commemorating the adoption of the declaration of independence on july 4 , 1776 . i am glad you took my class ; you really do need to shut up , listen , and learn . welcome to america , and welcome to college . adams no human being should ever be degraded in this manner , especially by an educator , a professor , alwattari said in her post . this kind of treatment should not be tolerated in any way shape or form . moreover , a point can be made in a respectful and neutral manner , no matter what the content of the point may be regarding . let this stand as an example of the kind of mind set that still exists here in the united states . the incident was reported to uc administrators , including ccm s interim dean , and it is being investigated by uc s offices of academic personnel , equal opportunity access and title iX . this professor gets awesome ratings by his students : ratemyprofessors
a man wielding a hammer damaged property at two mosques in sunset park and bay ridge over the weekend , the NYpD said . on saturday night around 5 : 20 p . m . , he smashed the windows and broke a security camera at the beit el - maqdis islamic center in sunset park , on 6 th avenue near 63 rd street , police said .
hate crimes report the fbi s annual , published monday , counted 6 , 121 hate crime incidents in america last year , up from 5 , 850 such incidents in 2015 , a rise of 4 . 6 . according to the report , 21 of the hate crimes the fbi counted last year were motivated by religious bias . of those religious - based incidents , 54 were anti - jewish and 25 were anti - muslim . huffpost religious bias ( based on table 1 ( based on hate crimes motivated by religious bias accounted for 1 , 538 offenses reported by law enforcement . a breakdown of the bias motivation of religious - biased offenses showed : 54 . 2 percent were anti - jewish . 24 . 8 percent were anti - islamic ( muslim ) . 4 . 1 percent were anti - catholic . 3 . 1 percent were anti - multiple religions , group . 2 . 4 percent were anti - other christian . 1 . 8 percent were anti - eastern orthodox ( russian , greek , other ) . 1 . 3 percent were anti - protestant . 0 . 8 percent ( 12 offenses ) were anti - hindu . 0 . 5 percent ( 8 offenses ) were anti - mormon 0 . 5 percent ( 7 offenses ) were anti - sikh . 0 . 4 percent ( 6 offenses ) were anti - atheism / agnosticism / etc . 0 . 2 percent ( 3 offenses ) were anti - jehovah s witness . 0 . 1 percent ( 1 offense ) was anti - buddhist . 5 . 9 percent were anti - other ( unspecified ) religion . the only reason we are even hearing about anti - jewish hate crimes is because they far exceed anti - muslim hate crimes , which always get reported by the far left media , despite the fact that many of them are fake or muslim - imposed . thanks to relentless muslim whining , the modus operandi of designated terrorist group cair posing as a civil rights group , a sign like the one below is reported as an anti - muslim hate crime instead of graffiti or simple vandalism . ( southern poverty law center is a self - appointed hate group information aggregator , which neVer includes muslim groups ( with the exception of nation of islam ) in their lists of hate groups in america ) which provided an initial list for us to start our search . for this campaign , we at safehome . org tracked down over 100 hate groups operating on twitter . to define a hate group , we sourced < URL > which provided an initial list for us to start our search . here these hate groups were then grouped into broader categories definedand further grouped . see below for the groupings . with this data , we were able to average tweet volume , look at the total number of followers for different hate groups , and find other information related to this corpus of tweets . most liKed hate groups anti - illegal immigrant tweets were found to be the most hateful , and anti - illegal immigrant group fair ( federation for american immigration reform ) averaged the most likes of any of the hate groups studied , over 50 per tweet . fair averaged more than twice as many likes as nearly any other group that we looked at and had the most followers at the time of this publication . white supremacist groups like Vdare averaged almost 30 likes for each of their tweets , while anti - muslim groups like act for america and jihad watch averaged about 20 likes for each of their posts . most popular tYpes of hate groups hate groups with the largest number of followers on twitter , on average , had an anti - immigrant agenda . as one of the most passionately contested issues of the 2016 election , and one of president donald trump s most repetitious campaign topic s , the conversation on immigration and the attitude toward immigrants who may already be residing here in the u . s . has reached a tipping point anti - muslim twitter groups , on average , accumulated almost 15 , 000 followers . hateful conVersation despite more users following anti - immigrant groups on twitter , anti - muslim groups had the highest average number of tweets linked to their accounts . of the more than 100 hate groups we were able to track on twitter , we found that anti - muslim accounts averaged almost 26 , 000 tweets and retweets . with accounts like act for america and jihad watch averaging over 55 , 000 followers each , the racist tweets targeted toward muslims accounted for more of the hate group activity discovered than any other category . anti - semitic accounts had the lowest average number of tweets with just over 1 , 000 each , yet the most number of actual hate crimes . hmmm . leVels of negatiVitY groups with an anti - immigrant focus have some of the most negative tweets associated with their accounts . on a scale of zero to one with zero being the most polarizing negative comments anti - illegal and muslim immigrant groups had an average score of almost . 03 . black separatist groups and anti - muslim groups had only slightly less negative tweets , averaging roughly a . 04 on our scale . normalized while anti - muslim tweets were deemed less polarizing than some other groups , critics have argued that hate speech toward muslim - americans hasover the past decade . they suggest that failure to condemn these comments , combined with the divisiveness of the 2016 presidential election ( and a rise in hate crimes over the last several years ) , has helped incite further acts of violence and trends of hate speech toward muslims in the u . s . trending attitudes between 2014 and 2015 , the number of likes given to tweets and comments produced by hate groups on twitter more than tripled . between 2015 and 2016 , the likes associated with these comments more than tripled again . in just three years , the average number of likes on hateful or racist tweets from the groups studied rose from less than one , on average , to almost eight . unfortunately , this rise in hate speech on social media has coincided with a rise in hate crimes . in 2015 , there were over 7 , 000 victims of hate crimes in the u . s . , and nearly 60 percent of those were targeted due to their race , ethnicity , or ancestry . funny how they fail to mention that even though the number of anti - semitic hate tweets and hate sites are low , the number of actual hate crimes against jews is the highest of all . the rise of hate groups anti - muslim groups ( which saw their sharpest increase between 2014 and 2015 ) grew in likes by just over 20 percent , but anti - illegal and muslim immigrant and anti - lgbt groups likes grew by about 171 and 130 percent , respectively . attitudes toward immigrants sadly , the u . s . also saw one of its most violent crimes targeted toward the lgbt community in june 2016 when 49 gay people were murdered in the orlando pulse nightclub shooting by a muslim . anti - illegal and muslim immigrant twitter accounts saw the largest increase , particularly in the wake of the 2016 presidential election , where divisive language andcontinue to remain a contested topic as we progress through the new year and a new presidency .
the peace movement must recognize that war is an instrument of class rule , and that we have to overthrow this enemy and build and new society , on a new basis , said ajamu baraka , one of the keynote speakers at a national conference of the coalition against u . s . foreign military bases , in baltimore . baraka , the 2016 green paty vice presidential candidate , is lead organizer of the black alliance for peace .
the nation s best known political prisoner is locked in a complex legal battle that might overturn his 1982 conviction in the death of a philadelphia cop . the trial of mumia abu jamal was marked by perjured testimony , false ballistics , false confessions and a judge that said he would help prosecutors fry the nigger , said gwen debrow , of the campaign to bring mumia home .
dr clyde robertson will oversee three days of events marking three centuries of black experience in new orleans , beginning january 18 . robertson is director of african and african american studies at southern university , new orleans . he was among the 100 , 000 blacks exiled from the city in 2005 following hurricane katrina , including the politicized community that had taken the lead in community affairs .
internet hacker group anonymous unveiled that neoreactionarian oligarchists in possession of an hbgary metal gear persona management propaganda system on twitter are steadily brainwashing anarchists into opposing police . the neoreactionarians are a collection of billionaires with aspirations of building one world oligarchy based on scientifically derived algorithmic economic models regulated in the cloud . already the neoreactionaries have warehouses full of robotic drone style police equipment clogging their shelves , and abolishing the police is the only way for these industries to expand . hbgary offshoot booz allen hamilton fell under similar allegations after orchestrating a snowden psyop aimed at taking down the nsa , and may now receive over 10 billion dollars in federal funding for their own privatized nsa - style datamining facility . one anonymous neoreactionarian robot - manufacturing billionaire smiled , we ve got enough non - lethal fast action tranquilizing dart turrets to equip all the public spaces in the nation . there will be no need for police , and the age of school shootings , public rapes , and so on will be over . we can t run this economy on the whims of the average idiot , either , so the robot consortium is taking over and eliminating nearly all remaining democratic institutions . we re even revoking all of the stock to the stockholders , if you can believe it just leave the economy in our robotic hands .
internet fans of the hacker ensemble anonymous have long found a home at vince in the bay , an internet talk radio show where anything goes except on - air doxings and swattings ( malicious tactics used by hackers to silence one another ) . the show s host , vince , recently lost weight and gained a seemingly new , more aggressive , persona . jeremy hammond , an anonymous hacker , was recently sentenced to 10 years in prison after going on a hacking spree guided by fbi turncoat and former anonymous leader sabu . fans of vince in the bay noticed general personality changes in the host , vince , which seemed to climax in his spontaneous victim statement at jeremy hammond s sentencing which motherboard called bizarre , scare - quoting the word victim . ' vince at first received accolades for trolling the proceedings , but then later claimed he had not actually been trolling the hammond trial . vince maintains that he was indeed swatted , doxed , pizza bombed , and chinese food bombed by the hacker ensemble anonymous and its rustle league offshoot . vince demanded members of rustle league apologize to ron brynaert , who faced the same strange persecutions as vince , but then vince was caught dodging questions about his use of testosterone supplements . anons against youranonnews , a troupe of anons defined by their opposition to the delayed distribution of mass - produced anonymous merchandise provided by youranonnews , claimed vince reconciled with sabu before making his victim statement . anons against youranonnews also insinuated vince most likely was sabu all along . however , conclusive hacking evidence unearthed by anonymous sub - group Gnaa reveals vince in the bay indeed regained his slim , muscular figure and aggressive masculine personality by purchasing testosterone supplements on the silk road 2 , a bitcoin black market hosted on the tor . one anonymous Gnaa hacker said , we re worried vince might be increasing his dosages to dangerous levels as he s switched to the intravenous testosterone . it s also possible he s dealing the t to local teenagers in order to finance his growing habit . either way , we re worried about this new slimmed down vince . he s unhinged .
back in 1857 the us supreme court , in response to the lawsuit of one dred scott , a slave suing for his freedom , ruled that nobody of african descent had any legal right under the us constitution that any white man was bound to respect . it was a bright line that was only resolved , insofar as it was , by the civil war . in the next few weeks the us supreme court is expected to hand down what amounts to a 21 st century dred scott decision . the case is national labor relations board vs murphy oil usa . the universally expected ruling of the court will be that no workers on any job possess any legal right whatsoever to collude or combine against their employers for any purpose , period exclamation point . there are details and fine points as there always are with the law , but that s the gist of it . what there isn t , is any shadow or prospect of relief anyplace in the us constitution . the 19 th century dred scott supreme court said black people had no constitutional rights , and its 21 st century counterpart says pretty much the same for workers on the job not already represented by a union , a mere five or six percent of the us workforce . employers went into this case claiming no worker on any job possessed any right to sue or take any sort of collective action at all against an employer , that any rights workers might have were strictly limited to individual arbitration , their appropriate name for arbitrary kangaroo courts set up by offending employers themselves . no rights means no rights . none . no letters , no phone calls , no public or private meetings , conversations , web sites , no joint activity of any kind . none of this , the court is expected to rule , is or may be protected by any law under the us constitution . in the spirit of activist judges making the law from the bench , this will pretty much erase the jurisdiction of the national labor relations board which since the 1930 s has specifically recognized a right of workers to collectively address and seek redress from employers . but no more . that s about to be over . this is not something we can blame on donald trump or his supreme court either . candidate barack obama said he d back laws to make it easier for people to fight for union rights on the job , that he d even walk a picket line while president if the right to organize was threatened . he lied . the first black president came , he saw , and he did something else entirely . federal judges on the other hand are not elected , and therefore don t have to lie about such things . the federal bench has been almost uniformly hostile to the rights of workers almost since anybody can remember , and there is nothing whatsoever in the us constitution that the working class can hang its hat on . law is nothing if not class rule , and employers are the ruling class . a separate ruling this year will restrict the ability of unions to collect dues from unwilling members , rendering them far less able to donate to democratic party causes and candidates . the dems and their candidates will as time goes on , become even more dependent on big pharma , big ag , big energy , big real estate , military contractors and the same gang that funds the republican party . what it means to the left is still undetermined . to collect dues at all , many unions will be forced to actually talk to their members on a regular basis , to give them a reason to kick in . so unions that actually do their jobs will survive . the 19 th century s dred scott decision meant that those who would see their own rights or those of their black neighbors upheld had to grow a pair and step outside the nominal protection of the law . the us left , if there is such a thing is about to enter a similar place . employers of every kind will be entitled to persecute and prosecute workers for accessing a web site , for signing a petition or letter , for attending a meeting or taking part in conversations about collective uplift . those activities will be by definition outside the law . what the left will do in this brave new world where collective action against employers is outside the law is uncertain , but it will certainly provoke a crisis on the black left , if there is such a thing . again , for as long as anybody can remember , the entire conversation about black uplift has been monopolized by the individual success stories of the oprah winfreys and junior bridegmans and magic johnsons , not ordinary people , even though unions have been the only successful strategy for mass uplift . when the world around us changes , one hopes that the black conversation would change too . otherwise it will become irrelevant in the era of the 21 st century s dred scott , where workers have no collective rights employers are bound to respect . . for black agenda report this is bruce dixon . find us on the web at www . blackagendareport . com and on soundcloud at black agenda radio , and black agenda radio commentaries , and be sure to hit the donate button on our page , so that black agenda report can keep doing what it does . bruce a . dixon is managing editor at black agenda report and serves on the state committee of the ga green party . he lives and works near marietta ga and canb be reached at bruce . dixon ( at ) blackagendareport . com .
view gallery the nba all - star has a fascinating dynamic to it , nobody really cares about the game itself , but everyone cares about who is playing in it . one of the peoples favorite things to do around the time of the all - star game is listing all the players who got left out of the game despite being deserving . in the past i ve called all - star snub lists damian lillard and co . but by the tracer of the fans , d - lil is finally an all - star there are more elite players left out of the game this year than any other year i can think of . i understand that each conference is allowed 12 players and there are just too few spots to accommodate everyone but here are the guys who got ripped off . paul george : sF / pF oklahoma city thunder paul george is leading the charge of all - star snubs this year , and it s an absolute travesty that they left pg13 off the list . he is dominating this year especially on the defensive end of the floor . pg is leading the nba in deflections per game while being tied for the league lead in steals with 93 . george is shooting a better percentage from 3 this year , spreading the floor for his team and is doing all the little things to allow russ to run the show in okc . paul george got screwed over here he should at least be a reserve over klay thompson or damian lillard . chris paul : pg houston rockets walking into 14 straight like . a post shared by chris paul ( cp3 ) on dec 18 , 2017 at 8 : 20 pm pst as always some of the most prominent snubs are coming to the western conference point guards , the fact of the matter is there are just so many good guards in the west it s hard only to pick a handful . chris paul made nine straight all - star games from 2008 - 2016 but has been left out the last two all - star games . when chris paul has been in the lineup for houston , they ve been almost unbeatable going 23 - 5 . cp3 should be an all - star simply because of the apparent impact he makes on the roster around him . lou williams : pg la clippers lou will is just as surprised as we are that he s not an all - star this year , he s been everything the clippers could have hoped for and more he s been the offensive spark they ve been searching for to replace cp3 and jj redick . lou williams is having himself a great year on a team where for a majority of the season he was kind of by himself . lou is averaging a remarkable 23 . 3 points per game and is second on the team in usage rate only behind blake griffin who s missed significant time due to injury . lou will is beloved by all so let s get him in the game somehow . andre drummond : c detroit pistons andre drummond is having one of the best seasons of his career and somehow didn t make the all - star game . drummond is leading the nba in rebounding averaging a whopping 15 boards a game . the most significant knock on drummond s game has always been his free throw shooting especially after he shot a horrendous 38 . 6 percent last season he is now up to 62 . 9 percent from the line this season . andre is also averaging a career - high 3 . 9 assists , how are you going to tell me a guy with a stat line of 14 . 3 points , 3 . 9 assists , 15 rebounds , 1 . 5 steals , 1 . 2 blocks doesn t belong in the all - star game . he should easily be in over kevin love .
since assuming office , president trump has been no stranger to using issues he knows so little about , in an attempt to garner public opinion in favor of his bizarre and ludicrous agenda . often times , the president has used topics that are emotion - based and impactful for both democrats and republicans , in order to throw blame towards his opponents , trying to guilt lawmakers to get his way . although these pitiful attempts have been meaningless in promoting his policies , he continues to use such tactics , as he digs himself into an even bigger ditch . prior to the vote on the short - term funding bill in the senate friday night , that would have kept a government shutdown from taking place , president trump published a tweet attacking democrats for their apparent heartlessness towards the u . s . military , as opposing lawmakers failed to give in to the president s whims . a government shutdown will be devastating to our military something the dems care very little about donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 18 , 2018 in doing so , trump not only put on display his utter lack of knowledge regarding the government shutdown itself , but used the military as a means of inciting guilt and shame against democratic lawmakers . as has been the trend with his ill - informed tweets , his mentioning of the military received significant backlash , specifically from senator tammy duckworth ( d - i . l . ) . duckworth , a former u . s . army lieutenant colonel , immediately put trump in his place by calling him a five - deferment draft dodger , and having no place to lecture anybody about the respect or care for the military . during her remarks on the senate floor , duckworth berated trump for mentioning the military to promote his agenda , criticizing his attempt to play with the well - being and safety of military men and women abroad , and questioning his understanding about how the government shutdown would impact the military . in the clip above , duckworth outlines the extent to which trump s games are endangering troops abroad , and sheds light on the apparent lack of leadership skills required for such a position in office . she states that , does he even know that there are service members who are in harm s way right now , watching him , looking for their commander in chief to show leadership , rather than to deflect blame or that his own pentagon says that the short - term funding plans he seems intent on pushing is actually harmful to not just the military , but to our national security trump has often utilized the military issue in the past in order to win over public opinion , despite the fact that his own actions speak for themselves when it comes to caring about the military whether it is attacking the gold star family during the elections themselves , his attempt to ban transgender individuals from enlisting , or the sheer fact that he has not only failed , but seemingly has no intent , on visiting troops stationed abroad to provide a show of support , in the same way that so many presidents before him had done . in the last 24 hours , trump has published a series of tweets continuing to leverage the well - being of the military to criticize his opponents , while accusing the democrats of wanting the shutdown to take place . as tensions continue to boil , it is evident that trump has no intentions to act in a respectful or diplomatic manner . not looking good for our great military or safety security on the very dangerous southern border . dems want a shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the tax cuts , and what they are doing for our booming economy . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 20 , 2018 this is the one year anniversary of my presidency and the democrats wanted to give me a nice present . democratshutdown donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 20 , 2018 democrats are holding our military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration . can t let that happen donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 20 , 2018 democrats are far more concerned with illegal immigrants than they are with our great military or safety at our dangerous southern border . they could have easily made a deal but decided to play shutdown politics instead . weneedmorerepublicansin18 in order to power through mess donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 20 , 2018 featured image by getty images
when you were a kid , and maybe now with your own kids , you likely checked out where s waldo and searched through pages of books to find the little guy . there were certainly some challenging scenes , but for the most part , you could find waldo within a few seconds , turn the page and move onto the next scene . waldo is still popular , but there is a new puzzle out that uses the same concept , but people are finding it a lot harder to find the target . in this new puzzle , there is a wealth of christmas trees and a red robin that you are tasked with finding . the trees , of course in true christmas spirit , have red decorations on them , so this makes it even more challenging to find the bird that is hiding among them . this challenge has people buying cheap reading glasses so that they can make sure that they can see every detail , according to one social media commenter . this puzzle was created by bloom wild , a florist company . they wanted to make a brainteaser that had a christmas theme for people to enjoy . once they got it ready , they put it online and it did not take long for social media to start sharing it to challenge friends and family to find the red bird among the trees . the people who created this cool puzzle say that the average time it takes for someone to find the robin is two minutes and 26 seconds . this is much longer than it took people to find waldo back in the day . robins are a common figure on christmas cards and decorations in the united states . if you head to the greeting card aisle at any store , you will surely find a card that features a red robin as the prominent figure . it is often either with a snowy background that really makes the brilliant red color show , or it might be with a christmas tree . this is what spurred the company to choose this bird to be the focal point of the puzzle that they made . as you search through the trees for the robin , you have to almost block out the other red elements in order to see it . focus on the green of the trees because the robin is almost seemingly perched about midway into a tree . once you find a way to almost ignore the other red elements , the bird will pretty much pop off of the page and be easy to see . this is a puzzle that you can share with your coworkers and see who can spot the robin first . bring it home and see if your kids can do it any faster than you for a fun family activity . this is definitely a very interesting and tricky puzzle . take a look for yourself and see how long it takes you to spot the robin . if you gave up scroll down to see the answer . are you going to share this fun christmas puzzle with your friends and family for a little competition this holiday season
brain teasers are a lot of fun for the entire family . when i was growing up , my father would always give my brother and me the comic section to read on sundays . it often included a visual brainteaser that we d pour our attention over to figure it out . my brother and i love putting our detective skills to the test to observe the images and find all the things hidden within it . although they claimed to be hiding in plain sight , they were often much more difficult to spot than you d think . this image poses a similar challenge . although you probably see just two animals upon a quick glance , further observation will begin to reveal the depths within it . peel back the image you ll discover that it has layers upon layers of animals within it . they re all working together to form the fabric of the image , but they re also all independent and discrete creatures . spend a few moments , and you should be able to find all sixteen animals in the image . stare at the image for a few moments . as you give it your full attention , the animals will start to appear before your eyes . start to count how many you ve found . hiNt : print this page . then you can circle the animals that you find in the picture . the limited coloring of the image increases the difficult . because it is only in black and white , you really need to look at every line and distinction to see where one animal starts and another animal begins . but we promise that there are sixteen animals in this image . you just have to use all the observation skills you have to find it . although it is fun to push yourself to the limit on a puzzle like this , don t hurt your brain . hopefully , you see the elephant first . that one is obvious . but as you continue to stare at the picture , you ll start to see more and more creatures popping out at you . although some people have gotten into arguments about how many animals are in there , one person attests to finding all sixteen creatures . they shared their findings with a diagram to prove that they were not wrong to find all of them . the first ones that should pop out to you are the elephant , the donkey , the dog , and the cat . but they re not the only creatures hiding in plain sight in this cool brainteaser . rack your brain and find all the other creatures . here s the complete list elephant donkey dog cat mouse dolphin turtle snake fish bird s head hen shrimp mosquito ( yeah , look again . this one is tough ) beaver crocodile swordfish although you might feel like giving up , keep at it until you find all sixteen of these creatures . some of them are not obvious at all and require you to think outside the box to get it done . but with enough time and dedication to the process , you ll be able to see all of them . then you can challenge your family and friends to do it as well . how many animals do you see in the image
it s not hard for wild animals to camouflage themselves in the wilderness , as these parts of the world are created to mask certain creatures from predators or in some cases it gives other creatures the ability to lurk and sneak up on their prey . the wilderness is a blend of bland colors made out of the rock , grassy areas and brown mountainsides that serve as a perfect backdrop for the many animals that live in it . it s not always easy to see the wild animals up against the backdrop , which is why even humans have a hard time finding them when they have a photo planted in front of them . can you see the hidden animal in the image below believe it or not , there is a snow leopard lurking amongst the rocky foothill in this photo that was taken in ladakh , india by wildlife photographer , inger van dyke . van dyke managed to see the snow leopard as it was doing what it does naturally , stalking its prey , which in this case is a heard of blue sheep . the male leopard can be seen in a crouched position nearly hidden behind rocks and shrubbery . the sheep are apparently oblivious to the predator who is barely visible from its position . while at first glance it seems like the prey doesn t notice that the leopard is in the vicinity , van dyke s other photos show them taking off quickly as the leopard makes his first move . while it s hard to estimate their population due to their high - altitude existence , there have been 500 snow leopards reported living in india , according to the world wild fund for nature - india ( wwf ) . it s not surprising that it is difficult to keep track of the rare creatures as they tend to hunt in steep , rugged terrains that have rocky outcrops and ravines . this makes it easy for them to hide out and stalk their prey , and of course , conceals them from humans trying to track their existence . as with all animals , their habitat is essential to their survival , which is why these terrains allow snow leopards to have decent coverage and a clear view giving them the benefit of being able to sneak up on their prey . they are usually found at very high elevations which are usually between 3 , 000 and 5 , 000 meters in the himalayas . sometimes these elevations are even higher . these beautiful creatures are usually spotted in the states of kashmir and jammu , himachal pradesh , uttarakhand and sikkim and arunachal pradesh in the eastern region of the himalayas . the last three locations are a global region prioritized by the wwf and the living himalayas network initiative . the government of india has identified the snow leopard as a flagship species for the high altitude himalayas and has developed a centrally - supported programme called project snow leopard for the conservation of the species and its habitats . this photo is a perfect example of wild animals in their element . van dyke managed to capture the leopard and its prey in the middle of something that may be a rare sighting to us but is an everyday thing for these wild animals .
artists have been creating spot it images for a long time , however such quizzes have been taken to the next level since the invention of photoshop . and they are amazingly fun and great to share with friends and family . one artist by the name of bev doolittle wanted to make some spot it images , but did so using no computerized tools , only his paintbrush and a canvas . the end result is so beautiful and perfect that you would think it was made in a computerized photo environment , however it was all done by hand what an incredible talent and as you ll see below , it requires the keenest of eyes to find the horses hidden within it . doolittle painted horses . he made his first painting called pintos in 1975 when they were traveling around south america . but this one was special and came later . doolittle and his wife saw some horses there , and decided they looked amazing so he painted away . after all , horses are beautiful and majestic creatures . it s no surprise that they were the inspiration for doolittle s painting . though he might not have realized it , doolittle had painted an amazing spot it image . can you see all the horses in this painting there should be five , but not everyone can see five horses upon first glance . it might take some close inspection , but there are definitely five horses in this painting . how long will it take you to find them at first , people couldn t even agree on how many horses were there some said there were many more than five and others couldn t even see five , they saw much less . they camouflage so well with the mountainous terrain . another painting done by jim warren does not have the same realist feel to it , but more of a magical and airy feel . he took the same idea though and painted seven horses into this picture . can you find all seven most people miss at least one . that s why it requires a bountiful iQ in order to see them all . try it right now and comment below at how you did . the first five may not be too hard to spot , but the last two will really get you . this one is not directly a horse , but the outline of one . this is where a lot of people get tricked . you need to flip the picture upside down to see one of them , how tricky the last horse left his footprints in the sand . that makes seven in the entire picture . it s tough and a lot of people don t think it s fair but we never promised you that it d be easy to find all seven . watch the video below to see more do you know a friend or family member who would like to spot the horses please shaRE this QUiZ with them on facebook now
anyone wanting to get more insight on the most pressing issues going through president trump s mind , needs to look no further than his overly active twitter account . trump often uses the social media platform as an even more unfiltered escape to express his thoughts , and communicate his own perceived personal accomplishments while criticizing his opponents lack of knowledge . in recent days , as the deadline for the short - term funding bill to keep the government from shutting down approached , trump unleashed a myriad of posts criticizing and attacking democratic lawmakers for their stubbornness in not ceding to the bill , holding the military hostage as a result , and stating that they wanted to cause a shutdown . given the context of the president s most recent twitter rant , one would assume that both trump and his administration are working diligently to find an understanding with their democratic colleagues , in order to allow the government to resume operations . however , assumptions in the age of trump are a very , very dangerous thing . earlier today , the white house released various photos that were not only inconsistent with the president s apparent push to keep the government operating , but depict trump and those close to him acting as if nothing happened . the first full day of the government shutdown coincided ominously with trump s one - year anniversary of his inauguration , and despite the fact that a deal clearly needs to be reached between both sides , it did not prove an obstacle for trump in enjoying his momentous day . not seen the oval office for quite some time . it feels * very * different . gilbson once b . ( gpbve ) january 21 , 2018 it ' s sad that " president working in the white house " is now such an aberration that they have to publicize when it actually happens . amper sine ( ampersine ) january 21 , 2018 please , there s not even a single prop folder full of blank paper on that desk . who does he think he s fooling betty ( bpluntz ) january 21 , 2018 the photos , which have since sparked a viral reaction on various social media sites , show trump perusing around white house hallways sporting his make america great again hat , sitting lethargically at his desk , and cracking jokes with various staff members . the president s plans of celebrating were interrupted when senate democrats and republicans were unable to come to an agreement to continue funding the government , as he was forced to cancel yet another excursion to his mar - a - lago resort in florida . the whitehouse releases this photo from a staff meeting today . president trump meets with marc short , hope hicks , ivanka trump , jared kushner , and sarah sanders , among other senior staff . caption contest pic . twitter . com / jVpqhpmmgq betsy klein ( betsy_klein ) january 21 , 2018 smiling caravan fools denying what actually is happening . penj ( penelopejones1 ) january 21 , 2018 who wants to spank me first thetalkingnation ( mms1282 ) january 21 , 2018 i brought you all here to look at my hat . i made this hat , it s a great hat . tell me you love it , or you re fired . lettucewrap ( pswakopf ) january 21 , 2018 latest meeting of the " about to get subpoenaed by mueller " club . jonnywhoops ( jonnywhoops ) january 21 , 2018 whereas trump had made such an enormous exaggeration in attacking democrats for their unwillingness to pass the government funding bill , perhaps the sole purpose of the criticisms was a last - ditch effort to take another day off . if trump inherently cares about continuing government operations , rather than using the situation as another attempt to illogically attack and discredit his opponents , it would be believed that the administration would be hard at work negotiating with democratic lawmakers to find a deal that both sides could agree on . social media reactions shed light on the inability of the president to understand the gravity of the ongoing circumstances , as his laid - back demeanor and disregard of pressing issues is made evident in the photos . one such photo , posted and tweeted by a wall street journal reporter , shows trump haphazardly on the phone , with the white house s caption implying that the president is actually working during the shutdown . whether to spark further controversy as trump has had a pattern of doing , or to show an outright disregard for the government shutdown , the photos provide insight into a man and an administration that has no place in this position . white house emails : photos of president donald j . trump working in the white house during the democrat shutdown pic . twitter . com / cjzsmalg3p rebecca ballhaus ( rebeccaballhaus ) january 20 , 2018 featured image by getty images
if there is one thing that has been made certain in only the first year of the trump presidency , it is that the president s tendency to exaggerate facts and dance around the truth is unprecedented . his use of broad , blanket statements on the 2016 campaign trail riled up emotions , striking concern and fear in the hearts of many who ended up voting for him . trump s uncanny ability to stretch the truth , however , has gone far beyond the elections process , and has become a go - to tactic for his administration to influence votes from policymakers . luckily , the same antics used to trick citizens doesn t go over so easily with legislators , especially as many have become dedicated to halting his disruptive agenda . in the most recent example of his overt lies , the trump administration used a report which they claimed was compiled in conjunction with the department of homeland security ( dhs ) , depicting what looked like a correlation between terrorism and immigration . the report was compiled and distributed to media outlets as a means of providing evidence and support for trump s efforts to ban muslims from entering the country . the administration s report referred to a supposed analysis conducted by the dhs , wherein the department found that nearly three quarters of individuals who were convicted on charges of terrorism were foreign - born . new report from dOj dhs shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism - related charges are foreign - born . we have submitted to congress a list of resources and reforms . donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 16 , 2018 . we need to keep america safe , including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system , to one that is merit - based . < URL > donald j . trump ( realdonaldtrump ) january 16 , 2018 however , as the report was circulated and analyzed by members of the media , it was quickly discovered that the statistics regarding immigrants and terror convictions in the united states not only were inaccurate , but are not even tracked by the dhs to begin with . according to the daily beast : career professional analysts at dhs communicated to the justice department that the data sought for the report simply did not exist within their department . dhs , multiple sources said , does not track or correlate international terrorism data by citizenship or country of origin , and have warned the trump administration that doing so risks a misleading portrait of both terrorism and immigration . why this matters , in the words of an expert : the trump administration is trying to turn counterterrorism into an immigration issue < URL > the daily beast ( thedailybeast ) january 22 , 2018 nevertheless , in true trump fashion , the report was compiled without legitimate data coming from the department , and was sent to dhs secretary kristjen m . nielsen after the report had been completed , unjustly using her imprimatur to attain credibility for the documents . the report itself was headed and assembled by none other than attorney general jeff sessions , another trump official that has been infamous for stretching the truth . sessions and his team failed to verify the statistics and data used in the report for the sake of accuracy , as various terrorism experts and analysts have claimed that the information outlined within is both misleading and manipulative . with trump continuing to create controversy after controversy for himself , his administration , and the gOp party , it is clear that he will stop at nothing to push his discriminatory agenda , even if it means portraying fabricated data to trick the media and general public into agreeing with him . perhaps instead of focusing so vehemently upon the ban of muslim and other immigrants into the country , he should first be concerned with re - establishing a functioning and operating government as we enter the third day of the shutdown . featured image by getty images
thanks to all my terrific bni supporters who have used the new paypal alternative for sending donations . fyi : we are still working on setting up a subscribe feature for those who would prefer to set up a monthly automatic donation schedule . as soon as we have it , i will let you know . also many thanks [ ]
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
president trump addresses march for life participants and pro - life leaders ( 2018 ) january 22 , 2018 president ttump : " we will always defend the very first right in the declaration of independence , and that is the right to life . "
christ s disciples are called to serve the least of these . but that may not include the least of those in prison and jails , a new study finds . lifeway research surveyed 1 , 000 protestant senior pastors and found that most of them
to paraphrase mark twain , reports of the rift between science and christianity have been greatly exaggerated . scientist richard dawkins , the combative author of the god delusion , has said , faith can be very , very dangerous , and deliberately to implant it into the vulnerable mind of an innocent child is a grievous wrong . i wonder why the good doctor doesn t just go ahead and tell us how he really feels seeing such vitriolic quotes from high - profile scientists such as dr . d , it s no wonder that so many christians believe that most scientists hate god , christians , and religious faith . the good news is , it is simply not true that s according to a fascinating new book , religion vs . science : what religious people really think , by elaine howard ecklund of rice university and christopher scheitle of west virginia university . as reported in christianity today , ecklund and scheitle found that , based on data from a nationally representative survey of 10 , 000 americans , evangelicals are just as likely as most americans to count scientists as close friends but they tend to assume their friends are the exceptions , that most scientists want nothing to do with them . and while only 40 percent of all scientists say they believe in god , and about half have no religious affiliation , ecklund and scheitle found that a full 65 percent of those working in practical scientific fields such as medicine and engineering identify as christians , including 24 percent as evangelicals . apparently there s a link between faith traditions that emphasize helping other people and the kinds of professions that actually do so who knew down through the centuries , of course , christians have been eager to help the sick and many of us have taken to heart god s call to be his stewards in the world , caring for and developing his creation , so these figures are no surprise . we re not doing quite as well in the basic and more theoretical sciences , however . ecklund and scheitle suspect there isn t as strong a connection between our religious values and basic science , observing , [ i ] t would be easier to see new medical discoveries as spiritually connected to the ideals of faith than it would be to see new scientific discoveries as promoting faith ideas . but of course the connection between scientific discovery and a christian worldview is as strong as an electric current running through water . years ago , chuck colson reminded us that many of the great scientists of history copernicus in astronomy and newton in physics , among them made epochal discoveries while operating out of a christian worldview . that worldview says that god created the universe out of nothing , that he has set up a series of observable , rational laws to govern it , and that mankind male and female has been created in his image with the god - given ability to discover things about the physical world and bring order and blessing to it . as the eminent historian rodney stark has written , christian theology was necessary for the rise of science . indeed yes , sometimes certain modern scientific trends and spokespeople have anti - religious agendas . but let s never fear the battle , remembering that when we engage in science , we are firmly on our heavenly father s home turf . ecklund and scheitle , for their part , suggest that our churches should take a more active role in recognizing and promoting science as a calling from god . they say that the church needs faith leaders to celebrate the scientists within their congregations , and they need these scientists to speak out about how scientific knowledge is not a threat to their faith . so while the rift between science and faith may have been greatly exaggerated , we still have some work to do . scientists and christianity : it s not what you may think scientific pursuit and faith in christ are not mutually exclusive , as eric has pointed out . click on the links below for further discussion of scientists and christianity .
for healthcare providers facing restrictions on their rights of conscience , reinforcements are on the way . on january 18 th , the trump administration announced the creation of the conscience and religious freedom division of health and human services . according to roger severino , the head of the civil rights office at hhs , the division s purpose is to protect doctors , nurses , and other health care providers from being coerced into participating in activities that violate their consciences , such as abortion , sterilization , or assisted suicide . this is very good news . not only does it further the cause of religious freedom , but it recognizes that religious freedom is more than just the right to believe what we want in the privacy of our heads , homes and houses of worship . instead it s the right to orient our lives , including our public lives , around those beliefs . and it also shines a much - needed light on what is a frontline in the battle to protect freedom of conscience and religion : hospitals and doctors offices . as severino put it , america s doctors and nurses are dedicated to saving lives and should not be bullied out of the practice of medicine simply because they object to performing abortions against their conscience . . . last week , his office released a 216 - page proposed regulation entitled protecting statutory conscience rights in health care . now predictably , critics jumped on the announcement . lambda legal said that the division and the proposed rule [ weaponizes ] hhs s office of civil rights against [ the lGbt community ] . if you re wondering what on earth they re talking about , you re not alone . somehow , a proposal about abortion and physician - assisted suicide is actually about the lGbt community the proposed rule mentions abortion 155 times and suicide 29 times . we know because we counted . now how many time does it use lGbt , or transgender , or any related term zero . someone whose response to the announcement made sense was the united states conference of catholic bishops . they expressed gratitude to hhs for taking seriously its charge to protect these fundamental civil rights . for too long , they said , we have seen medical professionals , including pro - life nurses like cathy decarlo , who have been coerced by their employers into participating in abortion . decarlo , a nurse at new york s mt . sinai hospital , was threatened with disciplinary action in may 2009 if she did not honor a last - minute summons to assist in a scheduled late - term abortion . this was despite the fact that , one , decarlo s objection to abortion was on record , and two , there was no medical emergency involved . the alliance defending freedom , representing decarlo , asked hhs to investigate , and it did . the result was a change in the policy at the hospital . unfortunately , by then the damage to decarlo s religious freedom had already been done . there are more than 600 catholic hospitals in the united states , which provide one in six of the nation s hospital beds . many view this as a terrible thing precisely because these institutions , not to mention the protestant ones , will not go along with john paul ii called the culture of death . the manhattan declaration specifically cited the effort to compel pro - life institutions ( including religiously affiliated hospitals and clinics ) , and pro - life physicians , surgeons , nurses , and other health care professionals , to refer for abortions and , in certain cases , even to perform or participate in abortions . if people can be compelled to participate in the taking of innocent human life , there s no limit to what can be done to violate the conscience . i m grateful for the administration s and severino s commitment to protecting this religious freedom of health care workers . in doing so , they ve taken an important step in protecting ours , as well . a healthy dose of religious freedom : new hhs division to protect medical professionals as john says , this decision is good news for religious freedom advocates , especially those in the medical field here in the united states . read more about the formation of this special hhs division by clicking on the links in our resources section .
pray for your pastor . for the colson center , i m john stonestreet with the point . in the old days , a couple facing marriage trouble talked to their pastor . then , that changed to the marriage counselor . today , as my pastor tells me , he s now third in line behind the counselor and the attorney . according to a gallup poll , clergy rank number 9 on the list of professionals americans trust the most : behind nurses , military officers , grade school teachers , medical doctors , pharmacists , police officers , day - care providers , and judges . only 25 percent of non - christians view clergy as ethical and trustworthy . and only 48 percent of christians view them that way there are many reasons for this , but as bill brown , head of our colson fellows program told me : pastors are held to a higher standard if they fall into sin . . . while there is forgiveness and restoration , they will be marked by it for the rest of their lives . . . that s why we serve with fear and trembling . just another reason why we should pray for our pastors .
to foreign christians , china portrays itself as a free country . but chinese christians know better . earlier this month , a delegation from the world council of churches made a historic visit to china . there , they toured churches and celebrated news that within our lifetimes , china will be home to more christians than any other nation on earth . and that s true . the council s secretary general expressed amazement at the government - approved churches he was shown , and at their reach among chinese citizens of all ages . present were representatives of the state - controlled denominations , the chinese christian council , and the three - self patriotic movement . but noticeably absent was anyone from china s booming house - church movement , which by some estimates accounts for 80 percent of chinese christians . if this strikes you as fishy , congratulations your sniffer is fully functional . the government - run churches world council members were shown are the religious equivalent of china s notorious potemkin villages . these apartments and condo complexes , shopping malls and even cities are constructed by the state and state - backed speculators largely as a show for foreigners . they look good from a distance , but get closer and they re ghost towns all fa ade and no substance . likewise , behind this fa ade of friendliness toward christianity , china in fact has a much different policy toward the faith . of the country s 60 million believers , the majority worship outside of the law . and when they re caught , the consequences can be severe . earlier this month , chinese paramilitary police literally dynamited one of the country s largest evangelical churches , where some 50 , 000 people went to worship . golden lampstand church in shanxi province was allegedly disguised as warehouse for years , and has had prior run - ins with the law . back in 2009 , authorities confiscated bibles from the church and imprisoned several of its leaders . this time , they wanted to finish the job , and did so by filling the church s sanctuary with explosives and blowing it sky - high . images of the building coming down are distressing , but they re a much more accurate picture of communist china s attitude toward christianity . golden lampstand was only the latest victim of this new war on christians . in december , officials demolished a catholic church in a nearby province , and president xi jinping s government has spent years tearing crosses from the steeples of unrecognized churches around the country . back in september , china passed new religious regulations to prevent so - called extremism . an analyst from open doors described the regulations as part of the government s attempt to control and sinicize that is , render more chinese every aspect of christian life be it culture , news , or religion . and adding insult to injury , the government just days ago threatened the law licenses of several chinese lawyers for defending fellow christians who were arrested on trumped - up cult charges . china , says the new york times , is on a campaign that reflects the communist party s longstanding fear that christianity , viewed as a western philosophy , is a threat to the party s authority . this new persecution harkens back to a more brutal era , and bodes ill for our millions of brothers and sisters who refuse to worship as their government dictates . our own government should speak up . but first , the world needs to realize that the chinese communist party s show of friendliness toward christianity is just that a show one ultimately as empty as its shopping malls . china s faith - friendly facade : what they don t want you to know find out more about our christian brothers and sisters in china check out the links in our resources section .
45 to awakening start here on friday nov 03 2017 12 : 22
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
as the second year of trump s presidency is off to a just as rocky a start as his first , people on both sides of the aisle are starting to understand the consequences and concerns that come with an unstable and unfit leader . despite going to great lengths to keep the reputation of their party stable and competitive in the upcoming midterm elections , the gop has been unable to curb the radical rhetoric that trump continues to spew . as a result of this increasing detriment to the perception of republican lawmakers throughout the country , positions in office that were previously and historically gop favored are turning into battleground regions , as those who understand the impact of a republican - majority government under the trump regime are becoming more and more concerned . seats in both the house and the senate with a long track record of leaning predominantly in the red direction are being eyed by democratic lawmakers as a means of regaining control of the federal government and establishing some extent of stability . evidently , however , the gop will continue fighting to the last straw , so as not to give up their majority advantage , even if it means attempting to remove democratic candidates from ballots . specifically so , the gop in dallas county recently filed a lawsuit against potential democratic candidates in their district , attempting to ban them from being represented on the primary elections ballot on march 6 th . according to a report published by dallas morning news , the lawsuit , filed in dallas county late friday , contends that dallas county democratic party chairman carol donovan didn t sign the petitions of 128 democratic party candidates before sending them to the texas secretary of state s office , as required by law . dallas county republicans file lawsuit to kick 128 democrats off election ballot < URL > gromer m . jeffers ( gromerjeffers ) january 22 , 2018 dallas co . gop is arguing over 120 dem candidates shouldn ' t make ballot because their chair , carol donovan , didn ' t sign the petitions and someone else forged her name . here are the three different signatures cited in the lawsuit ( the first one is donovan ' s on her own petition ) : pic . twitter . com / yb3acv2boe patrick svitek ( patricksvitek ) january 22 , 2018 one of the lawyers working for the republican party in dallas county , alvarez bingham , stated that donovan allegedly did not sign the petitions for candidacy of those in question , therefore disqualifying them from being able to partake in the elections . however , in responding to the suit and allegations against her , donovan immediately claimed that the charge was just another antic by the republican party to throw the elections and majority in their favor , and that the litigation was just another way to gain victories in the district . my statement regarding the attempts at candidate and voter suppression by the dallas gop . lanzillo4judge democrats pic . twitter . com / 4 h5ntsmem8 lanzillo4judge ( jlanzillo4 ) january 22 , 2018 . dallasgop : " unfortunately , the dallas county democratic party flouts election law and appears to be resorting to forgery " cbsdfW pic . twitter . com / 8 seae1ao9e jack fink ( cbs11jack ) january 22 , 2018 donovan further claimed the dallas county gop s attempt to remove the candidates was not only in the self interests of their own party , but overtly disregarded the interests of dallas voters . the chairman went on to criticize the gop for playing trump - style politics , trying to win through allegations and controversy as opposed to taking to the campaign trail and recruiting voters . this is the latest attempt by the texasgop to take away the ability of minority voters to elect candidates of their choice . the gop , which has become the party of votersuppression nationally , has hit a new low in texas . txlege < URL > eric johnson ( johnsonfortexas ) january 22 , 2018 the dallas county democratic party has since assembled a group of top legal experts and litigators in order to fight the case , and claims that the gop s allegations would not be upheld . as support for president trump , and the gop as a whole , continues to dwindle at a remarking pace , it is clear that republican lawmakers are feeling the pressure to not only maintain majority , but any extent of competitive representation in this year s midterm elections . featured image by getty images
join fsm and stay informed . get your daily security update delivered each day to your e - mail .
in a shocking , but not unprecedented christmas day network attack , it is difficult to determine just who , in this winter story , is the real grinch . however , new testimony from an anonymous fbi source under the pseudonym robert smith suggests informants are once again behind another round of malicious attacks on corporate america , with the same goal of subjugating and disrupting yet another rogue group of well - meaning winter break hackers . while a member of lizardmafia or lizard squad as they are also known told microsoft their latest attack was designed to encourage better network security for their popular online gaming platform xbox live , and for the sony playstation network , by offering free christmas stress - tests in the form of ddos attack , fbi communications appear to indicate they already have someone on the inside , inciting the group to stop doing things for the lulz and to instead take up a real cause , their christmas attack being the first of more to come . the group claimed they are able to harm the world economy by disabling the nasdaQ . smith said their informant knows the identities of core players in the group , which could be used to control the group s behavior in the near future . smith said the fbi calls their mole a high ranking decision - maker for the group , and have indicated that by changing the group s trajectory from comic mischief to corporate sabotage , he has steered the lizardmafia right into their legal jurisdiction . the person authorities are calling the new sabu belongs to obamasec , the elite , patriotic hacker group which claimed responsibility for the attack on north korea s internet a story whose newsworthiness was owed both to the takedown , and existence of , dprk net infrastructure . sabu ii , electric boogaloo negotiated directly with kim dotcom , a known gamer . kim dotcom has announced his own heroism after allegedly buying the group off . for now , the lizardmafia has accepted a ransom of 5 , 000 lifetime memberships to kim dotcom s new , old file sharing service , megaupload . if the attacks return , however , their agreement with dotcom becomes invalid , and they will no longer be able to host and share files on his premium website . watch ddos attacks unfold live on < URL >
thrilling thursday nasdaq 7 , 000 is our next summit headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next can we really go higher bullish sentiment is literally off the charts and only 7 , 826 ( 11 . 4 ) out of 68 , 119 investors polled by earnings whispers are currently bearish about the markets . usually you might thing that s the sign of a turn but if my daughter s softball team were going up against the yankees , you might see similar sentiment results in favor of the yankees and that does not mean betting against the yankees is a smart move just because it s the contrarian play . sometimes , the crowd gets things right though not this time this time the crowd is full of idiots who are chasing a trend off a cliff but other times , you shouldn t just be a knee - jerk contrarian . meanwhile , as i ve been saying since nov 29 th s record high wednesday we will all be billionaires , if they are going to keep giving money away in the markets who are we to turn it down the money talk portfolio we looked at that morning was only up 70 . 7 for the year and , this morning , those untouched positions are now up 80 . 9 less than two months later . we cashed our other portfolios in and started new ones on jan 2 nd and our 500 , 000 long - term portfolio is already up 25 , 000 ( 5 ) in 3 weeks a pace that will make us 1 bn in 14 years ( at 75 annualized ) and of course that s ridiculous and unsustainable but that s what you are paying for when you buy into a market that is basically up 5 for the month as well . while earnings are pretty good so far , they are ( as i mentioned in yesterday s report ) bolstered by a weak dollar as well as the stimulus of a 1 . 5 tn tax cut , which consumers have already borrowed against to spend last christmas . looking forward , we are now counting on the repatriation of trillions of overseas dollars to boost the markets into 2018 but , just like the rising income inequality in america , the benefits of the repatriation are concentrated to the top 1 corporations and , in fact , just 16 companies account for half of all overseas funds : apple holds 269 billion in cash and investments . microsoft holds 143 billion . alphabet holds 107 billion . cisco holds 76 billion . oracle holds 71 billion . coca - cola holds 50 billion . amgen holds 41 billion . qualcomm holds 38 billion ( spoken for in nXp merger , if broadcom doesn t win ) . facebook holds 38 billion . gilead sciences holds 41 billion . intel holds 27 billion . ibm holds 25 billion . pfizer holds 24 billion . merck holds 23 billion . procter gamble holds 21 billion . pepsico holds 20 billion while this is , indeed great news for these companies and their shareholders , what about their competition what about the 4 , 500 public companies that haven t got a penny overseas and aren t being rewarded for years of tax evasion facebook ( fb ) has 38 bn to crush snapchat ( snap ) with . coke ( Ko ) and pepsi ( pep ) have 70 bn to play with and they can go to war with each other or simply drive dr pepper ( dps ) , whose entire market cap is just 17 bn , completely out of business . do you think trump s regulators will care if it s unfair competition what we have here is the oligopolists consolidating their power and sure , we can bet on those companies to do very well down the road but beware if you hold stock in their competition this is not unlike the game monopoly , when your competitors start the game with 10 times more money than you you are not likely to win and will likely go bankrupt as you try your best to move around the board without landing on one of their hotels . so , believe it or not , 2018 is going to become a stock picker s market and there will be losers as well as winners and the problem with that is currently the indexes are not pricing in any losers at all so the valuations are stretched across the board . yesterday , in our live trading webinar , we discussed cisco ( csco ) and , while they are one of my favorite stocks and will be bringing back 76 bn from overseas , they are not cheap at 42 . 30 as that s a market cap of 208 bn and they only make 10 bn a year , so 20 times earnings . the repatriate cash is not new money it s already on their books and has already been earned it s just being moved around . instead we prefer in that space finisar ( fnsr ) , who are a 2 bn company at 19 and made 250 m last year for a p / e of 8 and they are growing revenues and profits at a 15 annual pace . that is the kind of company we like to put in our portfolios and we did add fnsr to our options opportunity portfolio as well as our long - term portfolio already . again , it s not that we don t like , even loVe csco it s just that they are not on sale so why buy them also in yesterday s live trading webinar , we played with the futures and our trade of the day was a long on the russell futures ( / tf ) as they dipped in the afternoon and we made a very quick 280 in our trading demonstration and the russell went on to hit 1 , 610 , good for gains of another 700 per contract for those who stuck with it so congratulations to all who attended yesterday . last wednesday , our webinar play was a long on coffee ( / Kc ) futures at 120 and this morning we re testing 125 but we took the money and ran at our usual 123 . coffee contracts pay 375 for each 1 move so up 1 , 125 per contract was a nice gain for our members and , if you are just a webinar watcher i d say it s a bit greedy not to take some off the table at 125 and keep tight stops on the rest as the main reason we like tradin coffee is because it keeps pulling back and giving us new entry opportunities though , long - term , we certainly expect it to move much higher than it is now . for the futures - challenged there s a coffee etf ( jo ) which is subject to a bit of decay but is still playable at 15 . 21 and the way we would lay out a trade would be : sell 5 jo 2020 16 puts for 2 . 40 ( 1 , 200 ) buy 10 jo 2020 14 calls for 3 . 75 ( 3 , 750 ) sell 10 jo 2020 20 calls for 1 . 95 ( 1 , 950 ) that nets you into the 6 , 000 spread that s 1 , 210 in the money for 600 so your upside potential is 5 , 400 , which would be a 900 return on cash and the margin for selling 5 short 2020 16 puts is about 1 , 500 and your ultimate obligation is to own 500 shares of jo for 16 ( 8 , 000 ) if it s assigned to you but then you can turn around and sell the 14 calls for 3 . 75 and your basis drops down to 12 . 25 so the risk of being long on jo at net 12 . 85 ( the 600 cash presumed lost as well ) is a risk that compares very favorably with the potential 5 , 400 reward so we ll add that one to our options opportunity portfolio and see how it plays out . of course , going long just one futures contract at 130 and running up the same 25 to 162 would pay 12 , 000 and the coffee contracts only require 2 , 310 in margin and , even better , we go in and out and in and out and make money on all the little move in between so , if all goes well , we ll make much , much more than 12 , 000 per contract over the next couple of years in the futures which is why we teach our members how to trade them in our webinars sadly , it s january 25 th and our month of free trade ideas for non - members is drawing to a close but here s a bonus trade that seems very silly to me with the dollar so low ( see yesterday s notes ) and gold so high : barrick gold ( abX ) is a quality miner with a very low cost of extracts ( under 800 ) and , with gold hitting 1 , 360 this morning it seems hard to imagine that q4 earnings won t be better than last year s q4 , when gold averaged under 1 , 200 per ounce . abX spiked to 20 after q4 earnings last year so 15 seems like a bargain at the moment . a simple way to get bullish on earnings is to pick up the feb 15 calls for 0 . 55 , which is 0 . 50 in premium but that s all the risk you have and there is no margin requirement . if abX breaks up ahead of earnings and the calls hit 1 , you can sell half and then carry no risk into the earnings and any move up from there is all bonus money . we are carrying longer - term spreads on abX in both the long - term portfolio and the options opportunity portfolio and we have high degrees of confidence in them . another fun gamble on gold is micro - miner northern dynasty ( naK ) , which we also hold in the oop and that s just 1 . 60 but pure speculation as they don t mine at all but they are trying to get regulatory approvals and partners to begin mining up in alaska . what we like about naK is that getting permits to strip mine the land and pollute the rivers is much , much easier under the current administration so yay capitalism meanwhile , if this rally doesn t calm down we re going to need a bigger chart ( we are shorting nasdaq futures ( / nq ) below the 7 , 000 line with tight stops above as well as s p futures ( / es ) below the 2 , 850 line . provided courtesy of phil s stock world . would you like to read up - to - date articles on the day they are posted click here to become a part of our growing community and learn how to stop gambling with your investments . we will teach you to be the house not the gambler source : < URL >
obama facing environmental lawsuit from chicago activists of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next president obama always had the support of the environmental movement until he tried to construct his lavish presidential center on sensitive parkland in chicago s south side . now , local community activists have filed a lawsuit demanding answers about the barack obama presidential center s impact on the environment and character of historic jackson park . like the public generally , we find the obama foundation and city of chicago not forthcoming , gabriel piemonte and janet geovanis , two members of the coalition to save jackson park , wrote wednesday in a hyde park herald letter to the editor . this is a massive development involving public land , and we have been kept in the dark about too many details . the coalition , which filed the freedom of information act complaint on jan . 16 , accused the wealthy obama foundation and the city officials it works with of refusing to engage with citizens whose housing , schools , and parks will be forever altered by the library s construction . the group s foia request , filed nov . 3 , sought information on a host of environmental impact issues , including potential flooding and run - off , avian - migration and nesting issues , and impact on local microclimate and temperatures in jackson park . the complaint , first reported by crain s chicago business journal , details what the activists say is the city s months - long effort to stonewall documents pertaining to the planning , development and environmental impact of the presidential center . the chicago park district said the foia request was a lengthy request and required extensive time and consultation . the chicago park district provided responsive documents , but asked that the request for emails be narrowed because the original request was unduly burdensome as written , a spokesperson for the park district told crain s . the chicago park district attempted to work with the requester to help narrow the email search , but unfortunately the requester chose to file a lawsuit instead . according to the lawsuit , the chicago park district initially said documents pertaining to the foia request would be ready on nov . 22 . after the city failed to produce any records on that date , the lawsuit continues , the coalition contacted various governmental agencies on dec . 1 , dec . 4 , dec . 7 , dec . 19 and dec . 21 . they received no response . the coalition sent a letter on jan . 4 threatening to file a lawsuit if the document request was not fulfilled by jan . 11 . on jan . 11 , the chicago park district turned over seven documents pursuant to the coalition s foia request . no emails or electronic communications were included in the production . the coalition to save jackson park went ahead with its lawsuit , alleging the long - overdue , email - free , seven - document production is an incomplete production of public records . as currently planned , the obama presidential center will take up more than 20 acres in jackson park . the historic public park was designed by frederick law olmsted and calvert vaux , who also designed new york city s famed central park . the university of chicago submitted the winning bid to host the center , beating out columbia university in new york city and the university of hawaii in honolulu . activists have questioned how a private entity , the university of chicago , was able to include public parkland in its bid for the library . charles birnbaum , president of the cultural landscape foundation , which opposes the center s construction on jackson park , said there should be more transparency to the decision - making process that resulted in the confiscation of parkland for the obama presidential center . the center originally was supposed to be mr . obama s official presidential library , complete with the 44 th president s records and administered by the national archives . instead , it will be a private facility that could come with a basketball court , yoga studio , and test kitchen . the obama foundation estimated the center will have a total economic impact of 3 . 1 billion in its first 10 years , supporting 5 , 000 new jobs during construction and 2 , 500 permanent jobs once the facility is open . but community activists say the center could do a lot more for the local community if it were more centrally located . mr . obama instead opted to put the center in the lavish jackson park location overlooking lake michigan . the project also will cost taxpayers an estimated 100 million in renovations to the surrounding area . more than 100 professors at the university of chicago signed a public letter this month denouncing the socially regressive plans for the library . charles lipson , a political scientist at the university of chicago who signed the letter , expressed skepticism about how the plans for the center were approved so quickly in notoriously hard - to - build chicago . this is chicago , he said . you gotta know a guy who knows a guy . read more at washington times source : < URL >
fake news is satanic says pope of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next pope francis has warned of the dangers of satanic fake news , comparing the the purveyors of such information to the snake in the garden of eden . he described false news as evil and accused peddlers of disinformation of employing snake - tactics similar to satan who , disguised as a serpent , tempted eve to eat fruit from the forbidden tree . he issued the unusual warning in a document issued on wednesday ahead of the catholic church s world day of social communications , which takes place on may 13 . reuters reports : the document was issued after months of debate on how much fake news may have influenced the 2016 u . s . presidential campaign and the election of president donald trump . spreading fake news can serve to advance specific goals , influence political decisions , and serve economic interests , the pope wrote , condemning the manipulative use of social networks and other forms of communication . called the truth will set you free fake news and journalism for peace , the document was issued in advance of the catholic church s world day of social communications on may 13 . this false but believable news is captious , inasmuch as it grasps people s attention by appealing to stereotypes and common social prejudices and exploiting instantaneous emotions like anxiety , contempt , anger and frustration , francis said . satan s serpent false stories , the pope said , spread so quickly that even authoritative denials often could not contain the damage done and many people run the risk of becoming unwilling accomplices in spreading biased and baseless ideas . he called for education for truth that would help people discern , evaluate and understand news in order to recognize the sly and dangerous form of seduction that worms its way into the heart with false and alluring arguments . francis compared the use of fake news to the bible story of the devil , who , disguised as a serpent , persuaded eve to eat the fruit of the forbidden tree . he said she was fed wrong information by satan , who told her the fruit would make her and adam as all - knowing as god . we need to unmask what could be called the snake - tactics used by those ( purveyors of fake news ) who disguise themselves in order to strike at any time and place . vatican spokesman greg burke , a former reporter for u . s . outlets , told reuters television : the pope is not saying that all journalists are snakes but he is certainly acknowledging that they can be . the pope said the role of journalists was not just a job , it is a mission and they had particular responsibility to stem fake news . < URL >
metalla royalty and streaming increases production guidance for silver ounces for fiscal 2018 of readers think this story is fact . add your two cents . headline : bitcoin blockchain searches exceed trump blockchain stocks are next metalla royalty and streaming ltd ( cnsX : mta ) , the precious metals group , forecasts total silver output attributable to the firm for 2018 of between 450 , 000 and 500 , 000 ounces . it came as the company put out its second quarter results to end november . gross provisional sales are expected to be from c 8 . 5 mln to c 9 . 5 mln , while net revenue is expected to between c 5 . 5 mln and c 6 . 5 mln . in the three months to november 30 , metalla shipped and provisionally invoiced 158 , 865 attributable silver ounces at an average price of Us 17 . 12 per ounce . it generated cash margin of Us 9 . 80 per attributable silver ounce from the endeavor silver stream and new luika gold mine ( nlgm ) stream held by silverback ltd . in the second quarter , revenue from stream interest was around 3 . 066 mln , while the net loss for the period was 440 , 105 down from a loss of around 1 . 013 mln in the preceding quarter . the group held 16 , 909 attributable silver ounces as inventory on the reporting date to be realized in the subsequent quarter . story by proactiveinvestors source : < URL >